RT @USER991: Dear diary, I've been rapping in 3 accents and no longer know which
one is truly mine. I am a sadting - Drake URL217… RT @USER1787: I asked Siri to
remind me about my POUTINE in the office fridge but she misinterpreted and
probably alerted the FBI. URL222… RT @USER479: back to my asshole ways.. URL1092
RT @USER995: When your parents catch you high URL1288 RT @USER912: You know it's
Friday when the Port2Port newsletter hits your inbox. Sign up if you like fine
wines too. URL1265… RT @USER911: Drake ft. Rihanna - Take Care ISOLATED VOCALS
URL1258 Call for change! Call your house representative and Demand to repeal the
Dickey Amendment. #WeAreOrlando URL317 Mikel Obi & His Girl Olga Diyachenko
Spend Holiday In Spain With Their Kids… URL1219 via @USER444 RT @USER1509: "When
Trump assures us he’ll do for the United States what he’s done for his
businesses, that’s not a promise - it’s a threa… "@USER1598: Super Junior’s
Siwon transforms into ‘Captain Choi’ for “Poseidon” URL139" "Don't move on from
the Gospel, move into the Gospel!" Todd Friel "We can’t command our love, but we
can our actions" - Sir Arthur Connan Doyle URL109 #NOOK "You aint got none?"
First, aint is not a word if you are referring to asking me if I didn't have an
appointment then the answer is no. "all *that* flirtin, can a nigga stab that
??" ;-p #nowplaying #FOLLOW us & #CHECKOUT the multi-talented
Spanglish/Techno/Pop Singer/Model @USER779 aka Lady Boom Boom URL107
#FridayNightLights viewing party at Stick & Stein in El Segundo! Who's with me??
#HarryPotter Marathon while I write my papers. #IfMyMomsHadATwitter I would
throw subs at her like it was no tomorrow -_- #LebronShould know his only
championship is 'slam dunk'. @USER2004 #NSN3D sorrryyz i got caught for
textinnggg. dudeee. it was the most awkward thing ever! I SEE YOU DOWN THER!
#NowPlaying Beneath The Surface : ) #ThesekidsknowDeathCore #TV TV Review:
Charlie Sheen rushed to hospital URL57 #TeamCeltics. Lakers we coming for you.
#YouGotTheWrongDavid IT'S T-E-N-N-A-N-T, NOT BECKHAM! #YouNotBlackIf You haven't
made a friday joke (Yeen gotta lie craig!) #badcombination any bitch born in da
9o's & me #cdnleft #cdnprog Canada Has a Glut of Clean Energy - Yet Madness
Rules Utilities (Co2 Art): Fascinating to... URL55 #cdnpoli #jordanheels are
very useful in a fight cause a hoodrat will put a jordan stamp n hole in ur dome
lls #nowplaying - "whip appeal" by babyface #np DJ Got Us - Falling In Love Ag -
U$her Ft. Pitbull #teamnevertoobusytotweet we are ON IT!!! @USER676 URL196
#thingsyouwishyoucouldsaybutcant stop praying to GOD like a genie he don't give
u what u want he gives u what you need #iApproveThisMessage #uWasCoolUntil you
unfollowed me ! R E T W E E T if you Hate when people do that for no reason.
("`▽´)-σ• RT @USER1484: Hhmm iyo yeee RT @USER1096: If you're not in a
relationship with him but you're jealous -it means you love him. *walks away
doing the skip, shoulder hustling and throwing up a peace sign. - $20 in advance
via URL34 $25 at the door- Party with Chicago's elite- Network opportunities -is
bored out of my MIND becaus fallout doesn't work on my computer.- It keeps
CRASHING! .Step Brothers #Lol .....think I might move to Raleigh. NCSU giving up
any money?? 1-4-3 happy VaLentines Day! :) <3 URL12 1st rule of waking up... Get
your mind right. 20 DAYS LEFT TILL LONDON <3 2pac was not a "rapper" he was so
much more than that. He was a Revolutionary. A misunderstood-Revolutionary 3-0!!
Phew!!! Good no TD!!! Go job D!!! #birdgang 4 points.... 17 assists!!!! #Rondo
8% of usa has masters ... @USER9 when have u ever said yes...? @USER15 what
happened? @USER48 HA!! damn auto spellcheck *rondo* LMBO @USER58 CONGRATS!!!
FREDO NOTICED YOU!! please help me get noticed. :P @USER144 Kmsl . Leave Anna
out.of this . God Ima have to hear about this all week huh @USER148 4 pages to
be precise @USER155 that hurts! @USER156 I'm allergic and they taste horrible
@USER175 ive been fine..could be better lol [: @USER181 No, there are more
extensive steps there. Try them all, in order. ^PS @USER197 hehee,thankyou:D awh
lmao:) xxx @USER200 ima get me a flip phone for real @USER205 i lost all my
contacts , smh . @USER223 lmao I was waiting for u to say something after the
barely pulled it out.......they still weak as hell tho lol @USER233 u not callin
me @USER257 I got some inking done on him this morning. Not long now. @USER258
Cuz I can n where u been Biden at? @USER305 THANK YOU!!!! @USER308 I may have to
get minecraft after watching videos of it @USER314 smh they had to book him fa
something..smh @USER315 If you've gotta leave, make sure they never forget you.
That's what I do. @USER321 I miss Fiko.. @USER342 otay @USER348 @USER1252 2+4=6
I have 8. @USER372 OOooo you made my head spin with that one! You are such a
cheeky studmuffin! @USER407 lmfao! @USER416 he 1 shy of tie for most 3s in NBA
history and 2 shy of breaking it @USER440 HA.AHA!!!!! YOU SO NASTY!!!!!!!.. BUT
I LIKE IT LMAO @USER473 @USER948 @USER1227, MORNING #ETP FAM @USER481 most
annoying song ever. @USER483 @USER232 @USER1743 niggas be lieing bout they dont
eat pussy but when it comes down to it they do it @USER488 And Uh Next VIdeo
Shoot in The Hood Holla at A Nigga Ju Heard?? @USER496 is having a giveaway!
URL169 URL169 @USER499 LOL where got?? @USER506 devoured it lol @USER516 follow
me back yo! @USER534 wat channle @USER543 but it's healthy cuz it has spinach!!
;) @USER554 HAHAHAHA, maybe its ment to be.(x @USER562 Ok thank you!! :) I will
check it out♥ @USER564 u eat sushi? @USER566 17 @USER574 lol u good just want to
give credit where credit is due whensending to radio or tv cats needs their
royalties nah mean! @USER575 yaaay ! ^.^ @USER578: Its lil bumbs around her lip
and she swear its her lipgloss #dumbniggathere<bumps *typo* @USER579 @USER39
@USER1719 yea I already had close to 160gig so I'm probably at close to 190Gig
now @USER599 I wanted to tell him to sat his old ass down somewhere, doing the
most.... @USER608 I know the feeling. @USER633 hey Jream, where will the after
party be at? @USER641 yea from 7-to 1 lol @USER649 get the new macbook air !!
@USER657 no worries...seems like a lot of people are busy @USER659 did u get
that janette!? „prefection rhymes with one direction“ Not Janette Gonzalez.~ Lol
@USER681 I have them in my fridge right now, but they should be fine, I could
freeze them if ya like. @USER706 I'm off Thursday. Is that good for you?
@USER713 hey yh I'm in bristol this saturday for my birthday,is der nefin goin
on x @USER716 They tryna close all the black HS's in Charlotte @USER721 i
remember when you had like a thousand. You got the juice now. @USER726 is giving
away 2 $250 Grocery Gift Cards to Associated Foods. Winner announced Wed on
2News at 10! URL84 @USER727 :/ It's okay. I guess people are going again next
week, do you think you'll go? @USER736 that how long my pubes are? I'm gonna go
trim them too! @USER757 Omg Luke you need to watch remember me. I literally was
balling. You'd love it. @USER782 @USER247 Yes! DM an email address to send the
link to! @USER792...when will you come out to the field :) @USER797 Cool, meet
us at Kieran's if you can. Court, too? Others? @USER805 @USER2113 Glue our lips
together with that black gunk! @USER834 Lol, thanks. Why you say that tho?
Haha!! @USER839 western fries @USER857 lol it wasnt blood but thanks. @USER873
@USER1561 miss y'all too just gonna leave me out the damn convo dicks lol
@USER902 weird cause your not doin either.. @USER909 that fallout vegas game
looks neat @USER933 LOOLLL I was lyin gem @USER939 If u want some FUNNY & TRUE
quotes on your timeline then u should follow » @USER91 « He'll have u laughing
all day! @USER942 @USER2079 Me Three! @USER1323 @USER955 looking good in the pic
u put up @USER997 lmaooo iit was my mans .. iit wasn't hurt at first but now I
feel dat shiit @USER1016 she looks like it pacin' back & forth lol @USER1034
Follow @USER497 & win CA$H playing your favorite video games! #gamersaloon
@USER1038 lmao I'm not a sheep who listens to it cos everyone else does, its
generally shit :( @USER1046 thnx @USER1064 knows what's up. And what's up is my
dick. @USER1068 right.. @USER1082 when do You start your job? @USER1101 lol no
pork slime @USER1125 10th...that random chicks nasty ass breath :-) @USER1127
lyod and Wayne - you that was bigggg! @USER1161 iDC we got rings we aint chumps
@USER1178 ; awe you miss me ?? @USER1183 #YNWA best wishes at this sad time
@USER1210 it is Google maps, but I don't think it was a prank, it's just the
normal kind of thing that happens in Germany @USER1213 what's new? Lol @USER1306
OMG ur from PA? i am too(: where abouts? @USER1309 in Bham I & TeamEl_AL will be
in full effect 4 @USER398 10/30/10! @USER1314 lets do the damn thing :]
@USER1349 ok so we are cool I wasn't sure Smh I have people saying ridiculous
stuff all day :( so sorry @USER1370 I think I cut like, 6-8 inches. It's nice,
but I miss my big ponytail! @USER1371 smfh that's fucking crazy @USER1389 schl
is ok so far....will calll u soon...still with my fone...he is good ;-) hw r u?
@USER1398 Yes. I'm also gong to Eastside's pre-show rehearsal, and trying to go
to yours as well. #TeamDiddleHype #ReppinHomeTeams @USER1419 hell yea @USER1448
doesn't change anything if it's a "best seller." IE @USER695 and the WWE Title.
Most businesses reinvest their profits into NEW things @USER1450 sup shirt off
@USER1462 was guud shitty ass @USER1475 @USER732 Jesus are you two still at it?
Lolx @USER1496 YOY my cuzzin told me it came on @ 950 @USER1502 @USER1785 nah we
thought of it a few days ago @USER1514 yeh i have no idea but i cant wait xx
@USER1529 You would have had 1,987,001 followers if you did <3 lol @USER1530 3
couplets, 1 refrain. @USER1531 lol I know... @USER1542 lol ! @USER1574 nice!
@USER1585 lmfao that different @USER1601 THANK YOU! @USER1647 Follow @USER1932..
He has awesome quotes and Your end up with wow..:-) Follow him if you like his
tweets.. @USER1671 oh ya i bet. Should be lots of fun for you. lol :-) @USER1675
-lol im jk ahah itss okayy... @USER1683 hey :D please read this for me ! URL191
i really wanna meet @USER2082 in Montreal ! <3 @USER1720 kay ! @USER1776
Protester had 4 men tackle her down,cop just watched? I knew Chief of police in
my city, corrupt as hell!! I'm re- joining today @USER1780: If a player wins his
first match, then loses in the second round that's a t-17, technically. Does
that count as top-25? @USER1848 naw naw ima have to lock up w his ass lol but
she's eating as usual  @USER1870 RT @USER1915: One day I hope you look back at
what we had, and regret every single thing you did to let it end. @USER1877 CD:
90% MP3: 0% Vinyl: 10% @USER1896 HTB Sneaker Expo Dec18th at 330 Ritch in SF
from 6pm to 10pm 18&over. From L.A. 2 da Bay!! please RT, Thanks u coming?
@USER1909 how was paris!? Xx @USER1958 you wont? @USER1976 LOL I know right
@USER1978 lol thanks @USER1989 wow! O.o @USER1993 nah u really do though. Ur
like on your 6 pic URL81 @USER1995 them breast is flirting with me boo smh
@USER2005 Hehe I'm still on my summer vacation :) but if I don't try get up
earlier than now, I'll definitely be late for school :'( #i4u @USER2026 i from
in italy!!!!! and you??? @USER2030 okay? @USER2059 Brand New macbook with zero
cost www.slop.in/qrvd @USER2060 the bBr aliases don't add a space @USER2078 well
me & her .. @USER2095 HAHA I know...I said that school was gonna go down the
hole after we left @USER2121 happy birthday!!!! I'm so glad you were born! You
should have @USER1624 take u out since he's a Texan again...if ur town @USER2203
lol, we are one. and that was me this weekend especially. maybe put it off until
you feel like ~talking again? @USER2217 @USER999 @USER1452 @USER1162 and some
others unfollowed me [ checked by URL119 ] @USER2225 eh yeah I'll be fine,just
annoyed @USER2226 I LOVE YOU MORE @USER2228 on my way... Lol @USER2229 of course
she can come @USER2238 You Suppose To Say Good'Morning LOVE ♥ @USER2241 Wow! One
of your best self portraits ever! URL211 @USER2247 HEY HOW IS IT GOING.. DID U
SET IT UP? @USER2252 can we go to tims please and tonkkss @USER2256 I miss you
too<3 I miss |California| but imma come see you as soon as I come back I
#promise @USER2260 *fingers crossed* @USER2301 Home is where I'd like to be
right now! My mom feeding me more than what I need. :) the best! @USER2302 LoL
Looks like I hit the nail n the head with that one. ;-P @USER2310 Good morning
sexy one! @USER2371 wait a sec...how late do you eat?!? It's like dinnertime
here! @USER2390 why not?! @USER2391 @USER2508 Actually sounds like it was too
pit. @USER2395 where did you ask? We are very prompt with replies. If you want
to DM your name or email we can check right now. @USER2411 Heh. Can't go wrong
at minimum wage. @USER2422 there are more #creatures in donny's room in today
too bad you missed them :) @USER2425 lmao @USER2430 What's that! @USER2455
Hashy!!!!!! kiss my a** lol @USER2458 well y da hell u didnt charge it??
@USER2465 I learned to knit so I could make wool soakers #fluffntreat @USER2471
STHERIOUTHLY. @USER2476 I'm not too worried about the Heat...Lebron never quits
in important games versus the Celtics...oh wait @USER2493 I KNOW BUT IT'S LONG.
It feels like math class. @USER2496 hiding from this tornado. How was that
hibachi? I got a taste for some @USER2497 honestly? I have no idea. I just
am...all.the.time. :( @USER2502 glad #Virgin is keeping you happy! @USER2530 I
like monkeys, but I still hate COSTCO parking lots.. @USER2538 Danilo Gallinari
@USER2553 the giants pitchers hair is as long as mine. Ha! @USER2556 that good
times episode was fucking hilarious @USER2595 I know but passing uni so I can go
to America next year and stalk out Corey, that's a plan. @USER2599 true true.
I'm in love wit food nigga @USER2625 lol, naw, we good @USER2635 Because I don't
have school on Friday @USER2645 no you were right lol .. I do have to stop and I
appreciate the input A lady asked me what tribe i was from.(say what!!) She
thought i was indian...GTFO...smh nice try, but #sayno A nice fluffy pillow
sounds great A truly Innovative way to Michael Owen.: Manchester Uniteds injury
plagued striker Michael Owen looks set to miss ... URL20 ADD ME ON FACEBOOK
((URL203)) x2 Abe Lincoln ain't dead,he's in my pocket ;) Ahh. Flutes sound
really bad with cheap mics. Writing a song now, just need chords and I'll be
good. Bye :D All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue
them. -- Walt Disney Also fun: setting a landspeed record for illness-induced
weight loss. Blech. Always caring bout other muhfckers feelings Andrew - check
out more tracks from the upcoming @USER1463 albums : URL95 & URL100 :). Another
glorious morning that Jesus blessed us with. Another push to allow guns on
college campuses: The upcoming legislative session will see a push by pro-gun...
URL131 Another timeout by teenager in a suit. The Miami Heat HAVE A LOT OF WORK
TO DO. Any haggis out there? Don't say that! What? The 'H' word. Don't say it!
All right...are there any out there though? Apple Now Accepting Design Award
Nominations – PC Magazine URL124 Are you allowed to vote? — nope. 3 more years.
URL4 Audio: › Lupe Fiasco - The show goes on › › 1st Single”Off “Lasers’s” Album
URL189 Autism Families Given Fresh Hope -- SimpleStepsAutism.Com Launches:
American Families Facing the Heart-Breaking D... URL213 Awww @USER2427 is going
to bring a little girl on stage with her to sing! :') she's sooo nice! :) Ayeee
do ya thing@USER2304 @USER187 @USER2382@USER125 @USER1779@USER813@USER2381
@USER2380 shootn my movie BUT WHO IS
BUYING????????????????????????????????????????????????????? Bad loss for the
Bison men tonight at Western Illinois, against a team that got blown out by SDSU
on Thursday and was 1-5 in the Summit. Bbm yawn face* Man that #napflow felt so
refreshing. Biocon to invest 161 million dollars in Malaysia URL54 Biscuit dry
as hell >.< Blog Post - Learn how to Raise More Money and Awareness through
Collaborative Partnership 46 - URL94 Blu Cantrell just came on my Destiny's
Child Pandora. See what happens when you leave the door open? Getcho ass out!!!
Bouta be home Bridalplasty! Love this showww. But on a better note. I just saved
alotta money switching to gieco. :) Bwaahaha that is classic. Scoreboard! Ended
your season. You got rolled by the team that lost to isu @USER227: @USER168
Husker fan CNS News: Congressional Report Casts Doubt on Constitutionality of
Obamacare's Individual Mandate URL64 Calculus after 2 hours of sleep is like
getting punched by mayweather with brass knuckles. Calgary 1980 PONTIAC TRANS AM
T TOPS $4,900.00 OVER 175 CARS TRUCKS AND SUV'S 90 DAY WARRENTY ... URL175 Can I
come? Cartoons of the Day URL168 via @USER2209 Check this out: Menthol Madness:
Why Ban Blacks' Preferred Cigarette? URL202 Check this video out -- Polaroid
Polarized Sunglasses (Thailand) URL154 via @USER2652 Check this video out --
Travie McCoy: Billionaire ft. Bruno Mars (Audio) URL120 via @USER2652 Cheer for
the toronto raptors. #WhoDoesThat Chicagoan early voters in Uptown even get
brownies and entertainment while waiting for a dozen people to do 15 page
ballots. Cold, raining, dark early. You'd think it was November not August bank
holiday weekend Cut my hair, gag and bore me DAMMIT TENTEN!!! Can't you just let
a ninja pee in peace??!!?!?!?!? URL153 DAMN SKIPPY ! Daaammmnn . Florida got too
many tolls.. Coach comin outta pocket every 5 mins -__- David Mitchell's
Immersive Reading Room, the “ultimate environment“ to enjoy Thousand Autumns:
URL75 /via @USER1035 David Quinn strikes a blow for new 'anti-establishment'
cause. Is traditional conservatism really the new radicalism? URL46 Dear I think
we are facing a problem, you act like you love me no longer. Debating if i
should go to this bar and watch this game or just chill hmmm.. decisions
decisions. Dingdong Do not feel good at all!! #notwinning Dont stress ,jus be
happy Early Bird Special: Conscious Capitalism, New Business Model for 21st
Century in Online MasterClass - URL60 Every girl always says RT @USER1553 I'm
different from most girls. FREAKY LIKE MY LADY PYRAMID Fainlly KFC dinner is
here ♥. Falling asleep with this caprisun in my mouth #hurt Feelin like poop..
First serious attack by Philadelphia, but the Timbers D got the ball out. First
time on hear and don't have a clue wot to do lol xxx Foo stuffed his WHOLE face
wit banana smh URL96 Former Villarreal and Panathinaikos boss Victor Munoz set
for Al Ittihad post URL149 Found the scarriest mystery door in my school. I'M SO
CURIOUS D: Freaks come out at night. Fuck what he wants.. He's dead to the world
now.. I want! Fuck you mode right now. Fuck  Fucking bitches all the time i
give em Dick im on dey mind i got angels demons constantine Gabe: "You want to
buy shoes? You have 18 minutes left before your appointment." #ChallengeAccepted
#MissionImpossibleTheme #DoABarrelRoll Givin out Back shots Glad some network
picked up #AmericasMostWanted. @USER2165 Go get it boy!!!! Warriors!!!! Going to
sleep with you on my mind.. Goodnight Goodnight everyone... <33 :// Got #college
admissions questions? Ask them tonight during #CampusChat I'm looking forward to
advice from @USER1768 URL38 Gradpics Today <3 !! Great Mornin Beautiful People!!
Have a good one Great Review on #JBSpinsURL77 Griners a boss Haha. My producer
said UV vodka is a bad situation waitin to happen, i said #fuuuuuuucccit Hal
Sparks tonight @USER1769!! For tix URL205 and enter the promo code JUICE! Happy
Mothers Day! #bigmummalove Happy Valentine's Day! ♥ Havin fun at cade fergusons
house Hello sweet morning ;-) Home sweet home :) How? RT @USER595: @USER1525 lol
dats so ugly How about girls who don't know how to walk in heels don't walk in
heels #justsaying How`s ready for summer ?? :) i`am defently! Hungryyyyy (@
Jasmine 26) URL6 I'm a super hero in my own right. Actually... Anti Hero more
like. I'm following just about anyone who follows me, but if you DM me
afterwards trying to promote your stuff, I'll unfollow. Thank you. I'm for the
women with the breast cancer thing my mom had alittle bit please keep up on it
for real I'm in and out the pussy #DriveThru!!! I'm saving gas today I'm selling
my snorkle, text me for details. I've got to release this lazy spirit... I've
wanted one since eating the juiciest meat from one at a Moroccan restaurant last
year. I Feel Gud..... I LOVE MY CELTICS!!! I NEVER meet a BITCH that didn't need
a lil guidance , so I dismiss her past until she disappoints your hieness !!! I
bet! Haha #teamceltics yesterday! Clowns! RT @USER167: #teamheat at Philly
2nite, let's go! I can hold 75 cents in my belly button, that's a skill I can
take straight to the bank. I checked in at Dunkin Donuts (1 Congress St) on
#Yelp URL28 I didn't even know what the changes were... oh well. I don't even
have ta talk shit anymore to u heat fans...da score is speaking for itself. I
don't understand why someone would decline a game on words with friends
#thingsunknown I gotta make my way to the sprint store n I really don't wana go
outside ima try to get moms to give me a ride lol I had forgotten how much i
looove coffee cake!! Yup! I Love Coffee Cake. Y Que?! I had my old Bitch go bck
2 School 2 get her Masters... I have always and forever will hate the #celtics I
love My sister and her slowness lolol I love you more than songs can say. I may
wear my hair in a comb over fashion more often. I feel smart this way. I need a
shower! I just got finished cooking in my hospitality & culinary arts class. I
smell like a kitchen!!!!! I need to go home man. Got some thangs I wanna try.
Lol. I need to stop being so realistic !! #being a dreamer once in a while is
such a blessing some times I needa cut. I predict I won't win a single game I
bet on. Got Cliff Lee today, so if he loses its on me RT @USER1843: Texas (cont)
URL181 I remember having hand calluses when I was little. They hurt. So I
stopped climbing monkey bars. I swear lately ive been making the wrong choices I
think I'm a wait an hour or 2 & THEN tweet @USER2450... I uploaded a @USER1490
video URL116 paris.flv I want a unicorn. #NOHOMO I wish you had a fone so we can
talk! I wud like to know why my lightbulb is behaving in such a manner. The
thing wn't turn on. Forces me to leave ma room to read. Chah! Idk what this
movie on #BET is but I've seen it before and its hilarious! If you're happy and
you know it, SUCK MY DICK. Imma Jump Through Your Fruit Loops =] Inspired after
a yummy lunch with @USER1859. Thanks! Irritating bunch of china people on the
bus. -.- Is today thanks giving? :L Islamic Jihad militant killed near Gaza
border URL36 It's physically impossible. RT @USER1140: I just attempted to hold
my eyelids open whole sneezing. It didn't quite work out as planned. It kinda
feels like a junk food kinda day. Good thing I am planning some time with my
friend, Jillian Michaels, tonight It weighs too much this time. My hands are
broken. She'll disappear this time. JUST IN: Schomburg Center Getting Maya
Angelou's Papers URL85 January 16,2011 @USER2408 will be in SM, Cebu!!!!! Jesus.
Shuttlesworth. Ladies and Gentlemen. Jewellery shoppin. Damn dis eye is HUGE!! N
its MINE wooo Journalists and Social Media experts alike will appreciate this
spoof out of Dallas: URL183 June 21 *sigh* Just finished reorganizing my
external hard drives. That felt amazingly refreshing! Just watched the Jersey
Shore episode of Southpark. Really don't like South park, but that was
hilarious!!!!!!! LIMEWIRE....NO!!!!!! Lets smoke one and put the past and
present bullshit behind us Lol....I know that's right..... RT @USER1322 @USER773
and thank God 4 deliverance....Hiiiiya Looking for new lover send interest's to
DM lol Making #Travel a Reality URL160 @USER359 #yakezie #lifestyle #budget
#travelhacking Making moves! are you? URL208 @USER674 dude this is great find!
#TAG Man da #Lakers have a fucking all-star squad fuck wit it!! Microwaved
Grilled Cheese / The Getto Grilled Cheese Sandwhich / They're Made With Real
Cheese #haiku #mooku Mmmmm cranberries :) Motorola Droid OEM Window Mount – Only
for the First Generation Motorola Droid: Product DescriptionThe Motorola DR...
URL32 Moving Truck Rentals URL58 My definition of a hot date includes a
delicious cup of tea, a really good book and cuddling by myself in the couch. My
hustle is perpetual that means it never stops moving My lady on her Marilyn
URL132 My overriding ambition in life, right now, is to play a game of Artemis
URL14 Needs to focus NOW. News: Congress Gives Facebook Privacy Homework
Extension: clickz Facebook was ... URL30 ((( please share ))) Next week - TWO
morning Zumba classes with me if you're interested - Monday Nov 1st at 8:30am
and Wednesday at... URL63 Nick Adamson's online audition for Gunrunner Billy
Kane's character "The Rat" URL65 Niggas be thirstyyyyyyyy Nigguhs Heard Im
Gettin Money So Now Dey Creepin Thru.. No Test for me, tomar :) Nobody cares
about watch did in 2011! Nothing like doing taxes to make you feel old. Think
I'll play some SNES to make up for it. Now that you're good, I will be too.
That's the last tweet about you :) ON AIR: FeyDer - 20 Killa Choons Mix
#Psych0Radio O_O lucky you....llabd wutup doe?! Shine! RT @USER1078: @USER4
*yawns* Still in the bed :) Off to grind...ugh!! Oh loblaws you kill me, 4-8 On
a massive sugar high killing spree. Online CAT evokes fear of mouse URL33
Ordering, pizza(: yumm.. :DD starved.. Owning Your Craft in the Fitness Business
- URL151 #Fitness BodyBuilding #Professionals #Vancouver PEOPLE OF THE INTERNET!
The Prince doco is on at 9PM on BBC4, and then Purple Rain is on at 10PM.
Apologies for earlier incorrect timings. PS: Hearing the The Early Show cast get
outraged by Four Loko was hilarious. Made my morning and subsequent day.
#ParentsJustDontUnderstand PSP....PHONE...OHMYGOODLORD TECHNOLOGY WHY ARE YOU SO
GREAT. its also an Ericsson which means @USER1736 will just HAVE to buy it. ;3
Payroll tax a point of contention for San Francisco startups - URL44
Philharmonic Renews Effort to Visit Cuba URL82 Photo: URL106 Photo: URL186
Photoset: URL115 Purchase your seats to see the Patriots here URL135 RT @USER16:
Fucking @USER882 is louder than an group of barking dogs. RT @USER62: RT
@USER2348 RT @USER1471: #Rush: There are no excuses for US soldiers to not have
the ballets to vote. Where is the ... RT @USER248: Going to Atlanta instead of
ny for vaca legoo>BOOOOOO RT @USER322: if a Gay dude drinkin' Kool-Aid... socks
another Gay dude drinkin' Kool-Aid... is that Fruit Punch? < -____- RT @USER370:
wat muhfuckaz wearin 4 the lingerie party????? RT @USER411 Laughing Matter = Me
being serious. Just watch. Be encouraged!! URL172 via @USER2652 RT @USER413: No
such thing. RT @USER249: #shoutout to all the happy couples! I got so much
admiration and love for yall. RT @USER431: Friendship is love without kissing...
RT @USER442: Exclusive picture of @USER443 and Jay's mum Sue! URL163 RT
@USER514: This is the day the Lord has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it :)
RT @USER528: @USER503 read this!!! URL133 RT @USER544: Sami Brookes Glamour
Shot! URL127 RT @USER592: @USER557 hang in there cousin love you RT @USER629:
retweet if you hate when your eyes are watery and everyone thinks you're crying
#ItsThingsInLife RT @USER663: I'm sitting down with Gaga for an in depth intv
2day, got ?'s->RT @USER2142: The "Marry The Night" Video will prem ... RT
@USER670: Bored as fuck RT @USER682: I'm currently in love with Bruno Mars...<3
RT @USER696: @USER2554 Thanks Toby, someone posted a recap link here URL26, but
I made it out injury free and feel g ... RT @USER704: @USER1442 #Libya
breakthru! We move urgently needed #food (wheat, flour) by truck convoy into
western Libya for 1st time ... RT @USER710: @USER330 aite bruh bruh I got you
foue RT @USER789: Man loses everything in elaborate ‘Fonzie’ scheme. URL19 RT
@USER799: @USER334 @USER1374 @USER1792 We just started this online petition. See
how loved you all are ! :) URL1 ... RT @USER822: #whatif People believed
everything that they "heard" about me.. -dumb fuckers. RT @USER826: I feel like
a bum, I look like a bum, I smell like a bum, I am hungry like a bum. I am just
a fucking bum. RT @USER846: 《@USER831: #oomf Is a liar , kaylee knows who Im
talking about》 a lot of yur followers r liars! Lol RT @USER851: "It always seems
impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela RT @USER864: I hate ppl that say "
He's a nice person once you get to know him" They might as well just say "He's a
jerk, but you' ... RT @USER880: im either goin be the BEST or the WORST, but
atleast im #1 in your HEART at it.. RT @USER920: @USER1967 @USER940 LMAO! "If
you not down with birdman I can't fuck with you musically!!!"< Trueshit RT
@USER927: RT @USER350: How Jim DeMInt, the Tea Party's favorite senator, has
flip-flopped on PACs--by starting one. URL17 ... RT @USER941 ON some real ass
shit...if you DL... #goneon its 2011...there is no such thing...SMFH|
#nothingbutthetruth RT @USER965: RT @USER1310: @USER965 This is my favorite
screen shot from #RTM ;) ---> URL198 RT @USER981 What's the point of a grown man
with a mohawk?? RT @USER1008: Check out the hot new LA artist @USER2309 music.
His New Mixtape "No Turning Back" ===}} URL74 ... RT @USER1015: That awkward
moment when you realize that you probably shouldn't have told somebody
something... RT @USER1050: @USER2138 Forget that! I'm ready for your U.S. tour
in April and May of 2011!!!! Hell to the yes!!! #AmericaLovesKylie RT @USER1069
Where is punk ass, @USER1197 Tonite!!! <Honestly who cares?? :-P RT @USER1079:
Always have your stuff when you need it with @USER381. 2GB account is free!
URL148 RT @USER1115: Stop fooling urself with 'it'll be different this time',
its just different shades of the same RT @USER1177 eVeRyBODy DiCK SUCKiN MiAMi
CAUSe THey DRAFTeD leBRON BUT THAT NiGGA AiNT DOiNT SHiT #lMFAO they traded for
lebron no drafte RT @USER1179: He's cute. He's fine. He's everything but mine.
RT @USER1185: As Halloween approaches, parents should note this reminder from
the Wall Street Journal: URL212 RT @USER1196: No you're not twinn RT @USER668:
I'm Ugly. RT @USER1228 A Womans #Love will never die/ Lmbo!!! RT @USER1271: we
don't believe in paying an arm & leg for printer ink. that's why we sell inks
for 60-80% Off retail price! RT @USER1294: 10 Republican Lies About the Bush Tax
Cuts URL76 #p2 #dems #tcot #tlot #wc #ocra #teaparty RT @USER1324: Just heard
vegetables will be the new meat in 2011. Woot Woot! RT @USER1390: Berlusconi
probed over cash-for-sex case: Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi faces
investigation in a prostitution... htt ... RT @USER1400: The Only Thing That
Comes to A Sleeping Man is Dreams.. RT @USER1427: There's a valuable lessen to
be learned here kids. When things get rough.....buy a stripper pole #Jerzathon
RT @USER1476: Anybody ever notice how the quick e mart is the only grocery store
on the simpsons?lol RT @USER1487: I blow supplies up in the air sometimes saying
ayoo take that Cato RT @USER1495: Helppp meeeee. I'mmm meltiiinngggg --> URL194
RT @USER1511: Don't nonsense ley ! We brother sister ! :D @USER664 I thought you
love @USER1478 ma ! RT @USER1565 What was that dance Nicki just did I was
cracking up RT @USER1615: jim courier new davis cup captain.... great choice! RT
@USER1649: RT @USER2089 RT @USER2230: RT @USER2388: RT @USER593: *m RT
@USER1883: OPEN FOLLOW RTRTRT!! #JFB ~ f... RT @USER1655: .#walesaid dt
@USER2024 should go DOWNTOWN! Lol!!.. #jammy-->LMAO!! Man BIANCA!!! RT
@USER1665: somebody should text me :) RT @USER1684: If U R a scuba diver U must
read Barracuda. This novel has more thrills than JAWS! 57 reviews 4stars URL98
... RT @USER1731: The truth is, we're not going to sell the white iPhone 4.
Ever. Because white phones are girly. RT @USER1740: When you have a good thing,
hold it, squeeze it, never let it go. RT @USER1767: Check out URL42. Freezing my
nads in the snow, naked for #MND Charity. £4.5k raised so far. Please RT! Thx.
RT @USER1802: RT @USER332: I love when teachers get off topic. #DamnItsTrue RT
@USER1803: @USER2065 oh, hey THANKS jerk! RT @USER1876: LMBO! This man filed an
EMERGENCY Motion for Continuance on account of the Rangers game tonight! « Wow
lmao RT @USER1908: I saw @USER715: Never Say Never and here's what I thought:
URL118 Viva El Biebs!! RT @USER1917: RT @USER2129: #random ii love how this
nigga @USER1917 kome in with the singing on #HawthorneNigga #noelton - ... RT
@USER1948: Chicago Jacques!!! RT @USER1952: Thats why Jamie IS THAT NIGGA! Lol
RT @USER1954: It's humid as hell out here RT @USER1962: Shout-out to @USER610
definition of lil webbies i-n-d-e-p-e-n-d-e-n-t -->do you know what means man???
« Ayyye! RT @USER1987: @USER74 got them black girl groupies though RT @USER1991
pull out a gold magnum condom while packing a 4 inch dick #WhoDoesThat
-----LMFAO...#DamnShame... RT @USER2021: Nothing is more despicable than respect
based on fear. RT @USER2044: !!! RT @USER283: Homework blows tf outta my day. RT
@USER2047: he looks so crushed lmao URL108 RT @USER2077: About to crush this
Denny's!!!!!! RT @USER2082: now Hailee get a twitter RT @USER2087: @USER623 dont
really know where i would be without you and Demi<3 i luv youuuu RT @USER2105:
@USER787 this park is the cutest thing ever omg URL104 RT @USER2121: The word
teaches us to turn the other cheek; but it doesn't teach you to confuse meek for
weak. You're Christian...not ... RT @USER2158: £100 Voucher of your choice is up
for grabs, just RT and follow! #win #competition #lemonjoose RT @USER2271: Lady
Gaga - Bad Romance URL53 RT @USER2303: i love how people on #subeta can admit to
crying over pokemon movies. (ngl, i did too) RT @USER2315: When I see you, I
smile. When you smile back, my heart smiles ♥ RT @USER2329: Flyboys! James
franco don't die, I love you! RT @USER2373: Hello, I'm at @USER2327 's home with
@USER404 @USER2349 @USER2219 and @USER2498 :) RT @USER2405 «@USER1152 @USER401
cuffin in the avi , Gimme $20» RT @USER2420: Austin Commercial Real Estate
Market Out Strides National Market ...: While the rest of the country is seeing
thei... URL0 ... RT @USER2505: ROCKETS fans RT!!! SO I KNOW WHO U ARE.....LOL<<
!!!!!!! RT @USER2509: Better late than never, but never late is better -Drake<3
RT @USER2514: I got to say 'peace up, A-town down' in atlanta then @USER1426
came out and sang 'Yeah!' with me. I'm thinking ... RT @USER2547 i hate being
employed sometimes ! RT @USER2563: There is No New Media: It’s All New
Consumption by @USER2317 URL29 #newspaper #media RT @USER2622: RT for a shoutout
♥ RT @USER2634: I feel so blah today. RT @USER2654: Lebron in beast mode Rain
rain go away <-- our song is on @USER1295 I kid you not 107.5 Reading and
tweeting (99% tweeting, .5% reading, .5% wanting to fall asleep) Richard won
that hand. Rihanna changed her all style she was nothing like she is now Ruling
strikes down part of Arizona Voter ID law - Yahoo! News URL70 SEE 2010 Agenda -
This year SEE 2010 will feature four dynamic tracks, allowing the community to
share its experie... URL86 SHM.. brb SHOWOFFRADIO LIVE !!! Sad! You called me a
liar when I was searous. You know you were my bottom bish! RT @USER984: @USER776
ahahha liar! How are u? Serious RT @USER434: Lmao! That's sad... RT @USER508: Id
be a virgin RT @USER945: #WhatIf men got pregnant instead of women? She got 2b
good looking cuz she so hard 2 please Sleeping beauty like princess ~ So when
Mike Miller comes back the Heat become the favorite again right?lmfao Someone
isn't replyIng back ! @USER2102 Someone was just questioning how I would look
pregnant...and asked if I would lose the weight after having the baby...I said
hell yea! Sprint Shares Get Slammed - Wall Street Journal (blog) URL56 Stupid
Kilkenny didn't get to meet @USER1143 :/ Stupid ass pizza man, gon get lost n
shit, ask me 4 a tip I told him get lost #nshit Super Bowl Countdown: URL140
Sure wish I could ride to my meeting tomorrow dang tire Tagged: @USER244
@USER2193 - URL117 Tessa really stole all then people's food . Texas Rangers are
in the World Series! Go Rangers!!!!!!!!! URL61 Thanks !! RT @USER808: RT
@USER2126: i need some motivation right now fml smfh««« YOU CAN DO
ITTTTTT!!!!!!!! Lol That moment when someone tells you that you and him would
look good together. ♥ That thing caused abt $200 from the mall i wonder would my
warranty help The Modern Vacation: With Ex’s and New Partners URL150 The Onion
weighs in on the Wisconsin Senate race URL99 via @USER2350 The weather outside
doesn't look too appealing. These refs are being paid off by the Canucks....
Things that should be illegal: wearing Ed Hardy to the Apple store. #gtfo This
"Christian" "chapel" ignores Matthew's Gospel: Pathetic Muslim preaches at
Oxford college chapel (From Oxford Mail) URL73 This tweet is to get me off of
666 tweets... Eat it Satan! Jesus is alive and you lose!!! Tour ready. URL136
Tryna go to at least 5 phillies games this season Tumbling Today Twitter does
make a @ button right...o just making sure Ty Beanie Babies - Set of 2 Beanies
(Dora & Boots): TY Beanie Babies Set of 2- Dora the Explorer and Boots URL144
Ultra is to mutha f'n swole!!! #slowjaminthisbih Unffffffff John Stamos
unfffffffff Video: damnmartin58: URL185 Video Lesson of the Week: Over Troubled
Waters URL89 Wanna see Wrath of the Titans so bad! Watch: Rihannas new music
video: URL164 We Built This City - Jefferson Starship #nowplaying We Talk
“Megamind” with Will and Tina! URL92 We are always getting invited and you can't
say no!!:) We made it :) lol URL193 Wednesday 27th october 2010. 》have a nice
day :) Weird, #jeopardy is alluding to the Charlie the Unicorn video in their
clue titles! Shun the non-believer! Whaddup pimpin ken. Ha! Whaoo #BlowUp RT
@USER391: My mom bitchh to much . What #exhibitors are currently least satisfied
with in their trade show display URL91 #exhbiting#tradeshow#eventprofs#b2b What
a bummer . Whenn i seee uglyy boys that i think is cutee , i bee likee mhmmmm he
isss cuteeeee. && my momma holla out ion kno wth yu looking at lol Where's the
video @USER135 & @USER2519 took of me?? EXACTLY! Lmao Where's this #SnowTO at?
Let's see what you've got #Toronto Where tf is nick Where tha beautiful ladies
at? Whew... Thinking did u smile @ me ealier... U were so bsy on the phone lol
RT @USER2036: I dont smile with too many woman they be phony Who you twitter
banging? Since the chances of you getting for real is "0". Me Jada Pinkett
Smith. Sorry Will. Just a lil twit adultry. :) Why aren't I tired? -_- Wind 2.2
mph NNW. Barometer 1019.0 mb, Rising. Temperature 15.5 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm.
Humidity 59% Wish I was at odd future rn  Without gratuitous sex, we would be
no better than animals Women`s Health is true! Hurry up! Best prices for
Gyne-Lotriminor Serophene See more URL179 Working on my column for DWM.
YEEEEEEES LAKERS!!! RT @USER735: @USER1575 The Laker girls danced to FYE at
halftime!! Yea *fist pumps* mhmm Yeah you love him, but just stop. Yll wis u
live in MIAMI Young K-pop idols fulfill citizen duties in regional elections . -
Girls’ Generation member Yoona casts her... URL190 [POST] Spammy’s 12 Days of
Xmas: Day 2 – Burning the Tool Log URL129 all i, wanna hear u say is r u
mineeeee at step practice ; you know ' (: bieber is an alien! :O he went down to
earth. boom like an 808 calm heechul.. ^^ RT @USER556: URL195
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHi~☆ check out Kylie Minogue North American Tour 2011
URL101 via @USER2138 damm that cutt deep, i justt noticedd daht..... didn't you
read the paper that day son!! do you know how to speak in well structured,
thought out, complete sentances? no? didnt think so. fiNna gO tO cHeErleAdiN
pRactiCe... yaY #cheer happy birthday to me bitches!!! 23 is the lucky number!!
hates being sick im on the verge of fever grrr have you ever seen a studd who
wear micros. hello @USER1707 , I miss you, I love you ! ♥ #4 hello bitches URL43
making it easy to put up a @USER2615, @USER2070 in the cloud #aws URL155 How to
Talk to a Widow URL173 URL207 @USER2082 look what i made? URL209 ayeeeeee! this
beat was everything! lol! hurreyyyyyyyyyyyyyy we won i've always had my eye on
this one particular guy.... i was too shy, so i decided to write i can't wait
for WPIALS i heart @USER1881's true music that inspires me to intake my
beauty,roots,and willingness to take on anything. i just orgasmed over this
URL59 i really hate hearing about deadbeat moms!!! if @USER375 dont make some
hoodies soon...imma beat em! im home :) its #humpdayyy . its the sixers RT
@USER639 #miamiheat gettin it 2gether now... #ilike jelena is still annoying af.
jeronimo ft stay-c _ I am no superman #np keep it #Gangsta last day of getting
the rest of my things done for tally ! Hair appiontment tomarrow . monica
singing from the heart in this song nowFOLLOWiNG @USER2649 lemme give him a
quick s\o!!! Ladies follow him he's #teamfollowback hey chris!!! oh, home
again... The shooting was awesome! ran 2.3 mi on 10/27/2010 at 6:40 AM URL69
remember! if ur in htown or visiting this weekend, we are headed to the drag
show @ 2020! join us! rod stewart's "if you think i'm sexy"
#WhatIAmBeingForcedToListenToInsteadOfTheGameBroadcast sekarang lagi di bis. and
you know what? This is more than just HOT. smh... can somebody guard james
fucking jones strobelights dance with the stars.. stunt devils .. thers still
like 1 1/2 hours till Biebs bday here :P they say uncontrollably shaking is an
early signs of parkinsons this history paper is gay af. who needs creative
writting for histroy time to start living like just before we die ugh i hate
bitchez who tlk shitt ! they dumb af tellin sumone we kno like we ain fina hear
. i think its time to strt callin fades ! veryy relaxxxingg walk home todaaay..
wessss keep metal hjahah \m/ RT @USER47: Metal would like to declare that he has
felt due shame about his trashed behavior in public last night and is now
eternal-sunshining that shit. would you watch a sappy movie with Kim if she
asked you to? — I've watched sappy movies with kim several times. URL3 wow
Deja_fckn_Vu i had a dream just like what just happened to me just now , shit is
spooky-wierd yeah Start all overrrr 3YearsBreakout your voice made my new year♥
«@USER741 #KayoQ&A LADIES what if u tell a guy "I Love you" and he says "oh
ok".......then what?»then he don't love you lol “@USER601 BLUEROOM MAY 19TH FEMS
FREE AND DRINK FREE TIL 11:30 $5 ALL NIGHT BEHIND WINN DIXIE ON PINEHILLS ROAD
LEGGOOO” „@USER1305: I just voted for Ian Somerhalder #tvdramaactor
#PeoplesChoice. Retweet to vote URL130 via @USER2342“ RT @USER2212: @USER698
I'll literally be there at 7:07. :D is all about Pennsylvania Polka by Lawrence
Welk RT @USER1504: It is always darkest before the Dawn ! We are passing through
the darkest times in Pak history, Fajr cannot be far.. ht… After School Snack &
Choice Of Star Wars Movie & Craft w/ Mrs. Prather (Slot 3) - Bid Now!… URL516
URL825 So I don't have to worry about school during my 21st birthday🎉😍 RT
@USER117: The pictures came out so nice 😍👪 URL1382 RT @USER2418: ♥My body is
none of your business♥ (images by Gunsmithcat, Deviantart) URL1542 G310. Not
bad!! (Pic via fb) URL1021 @USER2343 she should be killed in the same way.
@USER1170 investigate for you. I hope this helps. 3/3 ^Gareth URL735 RT
@USER2398: boys replying to me Just say you want in. URL1213 RT @USER1855: SVT
when people keep voting for sweden URL1528 How to Live an Unconventional Life
(While Jetsetting Around the Globe) URL1399 #travel #entrepreneur #success
#carpedieam RT @USER1149: WHO PUT THE CRYING FACE ON ACTUAL THUNDER? LMAOOOOOO
URL967 RT @USER2518: they put church organs behind lebron's post game interview.
😂 URL1079 2 Followed, 7 Unfollowed me (monitored by URL1217) @USER2613 a
followback, please? 🐙 FREE Char-Broil Grill (Hilliard) URL1473 How Jodeci’s
‘Forever My Lady’ Influenced Generations of Male Singers URL1467 RT @USER448: my
parents better step up their game URL1266 I remember this😂 URL1353 RT @USER2096:
🍂 O-M-G #single Reasons Why Some Women Love To Cheat 😍 URL600 URL600 #camspy
your next sex-friend : URL1107 @USER2481 maybe 😂 Does anyone know a good
formation to use FUT. On a 6-game losing streak atm. RT @USER313: #NewMusic
#RapVideos BOUNCE by @USER371 ft @USER241 #MTVBlog... URL388 RT @USER2254: Best
Of Lover's: Creat Free Website form the Best Free Hosting At All... URL816 the
@USER963 draft is Thursday makes me want to play @USER388 anyone want to get
down?? #youdontwantitwithme ! [@USER1124 @USER1365] By doing what? Going on a
date with me? Please, don't. my #TeenChoice for #ChoiceMusicGroup is @USER21 !
31.05.2016 @USER2196 well next time I need a spoon, I will define the term
"illegal" @USER693 alright bro RT @USER1852: Girls that compliment each other
when they barely know them or smile to others when walking past them are the
best type… RT @USER270: Happened right in front of Marc Davis too. URL1468 RT
@USER356: "Awh Jim you sucked it like it was a f*ckin d*ck" 😂😂😂 URL1384 RT
@USER1862: CAT logic URL1289 RT @USER436: Stay warm! RT & follow for your chance
to win! #giveaway Rules: URL418 URL989 Retweeted GlobalPublishing (@USER1934):
Atmosphere permits light and heat to reach Earth at levels... URL534 @USER1860
giving us insights on global governance at @USER1254 "we want more than we need"
URL626 RT @USER2020: To all suriya fans coming to #24AudioLaunch on Monday - No
photos or videos allowed inside the venue. my parents outta town next weekend 👀👀
RT @USER1383: All you gotta do is RT and follow and this 400g White Chocolate
could be yours. #TobleroneTuesday URL717 RT @USER1212: RT if you're ready! 👯
#pubertywithsierra RT @USER159: retweet for left, like for right URL1404 Always
wake up hella early RT @USER1065: My obsession with Harry Potter has gotten a
bit... Riddikulus I don't see the point of blocking locals. Not putting up with
yo shit or yours so just leave FRIDAY NIGHT making our sound system smile ->
URL1484 URL1246 Neymar signs five-year contract extension at Barcelona with
210m... URL1035 @USER2659 you are just a little boy from Bradford and now you
are smashing it. SO FUCKING PROUD Solo queue (~MGE) is close to being
unplayable. URL640 @USER476 #CSGO RT @USER1401: Tupac was real for doing this 🙌🏾
URL444 RT @USER2511: Meditation is needed people out here trying drain my soul
.... #meditation #thirdeye RT @USER2561: i forget not everyone has the same
heart as me Now Playing, Higher Authorities — ...and why not? from Neptune
#music #unset RT @USER1946: Haters will always hate no matter how good you are,
so be yourself and do whatever you wanna do, life is so short, you on… Listen to
15 - Its Like That Featuring Kast Ki Bohiti (Produced By LilzHP) by KING PROBLEM
#np on #SoundCloud URL1630 Lima 4 girls: Maria is trying to deny the fact that
she was scary as shit on move in day LIVE on #Periscope: Thursday's Fundraising
Tip: Stay In Touch With Supporters! #fundraiser #schools #church #succes…
URL1151 RT @USER2429: I'll be closing our #giveaway today! Make sure you've
entered :) URL1275 College visiting Yeet MOTO GP 46 RACING POLO T-SHIRT SPORT
MEN'S MOTORCYCLE BIKE YAMAHA MOTOCROSS URL739 URL527 When ya friend fake tired
so she don't have to answer your FT 🙃 @USER49 I'm earning #mPOINTS with
#AskDaBall ! URL1271 #app POWER OF DIRECTIONERS GO DIRECTIONERS GO DIRECTIONERS
WILL RISE #BestFanArmy #Directioners #iHeartAwards Walking in the wind RT
@USER2100: Yes we do! #VoteTrump2016 #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NeverHillary !! URL222… ROXAS
RISING URL1024 RT @USER1215: You can't change someone who doesn't see an issue
in their actions. — Unknown Author URL883 @USER811 Hi ,Linda! It seems so based
on statements HRC has made... BS and HRC are meeting tomorrow. We shall see...
#ystl minyoonjgi hi cutie how was your day? if you had a bad day look at this
handsome photo of me. fr kumamon URL278 RT @USER1118: Why did you agree to
restarting a nuclear power plant? "It's OK while I live. lol" #Japan #nukes
URL491 Logic and you remind me of better times back when I felt like me H!
@USER548 ♡ “the universe is in your bones, the stars in your soul…” do you mind
FOLLOWING me? thank you for everything x 🌟 – 730,777 RT @USER294: Make money
just signing up to SmashFund.... harness the power of your social media contacts
URL790 htt… @USER750 Congratulations. Warriors should've stuck with Draymond
being the main ball handler. He was amazing tonight RT @USER1350: Y'all Heard It
Here First! CavsIn6 @USER225 @USER1211 @USER1348 @USER458 @USER2259 your answer
is limits... @USER2540 HEY the normal thing was from me RT @USER2607: Reset
Epson Waste Ink Counter Overflow by WIC and Reset Key URL469 #WIC #ResetKey
#Epson #Printer thinking about that kills me haha RT @USER448: Well I'm gonna
die... URL1506 Emergency responders on scene after small plane goes down on the
Hudson. More URL887 @USER353 I swear 💯 RT @USER131: Drunk sex > RT @USER1114:
one of the greatest things on the Internet URL889 Haiti earthquake 2011.
Hillary's brother got the Gold mine. Haiti got the shaft. URL1453 @USER1775
#dncphl #dncconvention Mastering the Mismatched Dining Chair Trend URL662 RT
@USER1936: How do u look at a tiny ass baby and decide to name it bill If
Creator wanted smoking cigarettes. You would be able to pick them off a tree
URL286 URL630 RT @USER2224: ”As long as I can make good music, it doesn't matter
if I'm an idol or an underground rapper.” -Min Yoongi 💓 URL112… RT @USER1:
@USER992 when you are constantly interrupted by @USER513 tonight, as you will
be, PLEASE ask him why he is so FEAR… RT @USER866: Laker Nation: The first free
agent the Lakers should go after is Kevin Durant. Heard you was a lame boy get
up out my face RT @USER2486: @USER423 Multimedia earned money URL1114 RT
@USER751: Wow the place is packed! Good luck @USER1477 let your star shine its
brightest! #ADateWithXian URL1267 @USER2659 follow me ×5129 RT @USER2643: Yoga
Linked To Fewer Doctors Visits - URL1259 URL279 RT @USER847: One final team
check ahead of kick-off. @USER993 in the tweet seat for you at #cityvreal.
How're we all feeling?! URL224… birdsss r cute Cam: Why Carolina Panthers' New
QB Is the Worst NFL Draft Pick Ever | Bleacher Report (via URL1581) URL1302 RT
@USER2602: Fears about #technology are nothing new URL509 URL1362 RT @USER1963:
A high #bouncerate indicates that site entrance pages aren’t relevant to your
visitors. #seo #googleanalytics URL222… RT @USER1159: Me during the week vs me
on the weekends URL1592 @USER1027 @USER406 I don't like Eminem but he said the
right words. 2Pac changed Rap music in much ways. Salute. #REALNIGGA 👑👌
Embarrassing fart story girly? Lol — I was in a mall with my bestfriend and the
clerk stared at me like wtfr u doi… URL1065 RT @USER448: that moment when you're
re-watching Hannah Montana and realize that's Ayesha Curry. URL345 E V E R Y N I
G H T URL1200 RT @USER1913: Finals week as told by Parks and Rec URL692 Darby
Smart Launches Darby Video App for How-To Videos URL366 RT @USER1521:
Lmfaoooooo! Gay asses URL1541 @USER1923 didn't eat enough did I 🙄 RT @USER484:
you dont know pain until you are staring at the mirror with tears streaming down
your face, begging yourself to just hold… @USER11 Free 4th Of July Concert At
OperaNightClub in ATL 🎉 URL1406 #SavageMode RT x14 Day of good exhaustion - Fort
Wayne Journal Gazette URL1054 @USER705 @USER883 @USER1437 The band from the
Carl's Jr commercial? RT @USER563: LISTEN: @USER1006 Feat. Elan Noelle – I Like
The Way URL1596 Oh yeah! Spanked em! Way to go @USER2066 #nascar 🏁 #ford RT
@USER368: Sit back relax and enjoy gods creations beautiful outdoor pic URL275
RT @USER2291: Up first this morning for @USER2291 is The History of Time Travel
@USER1058 @USER582 #PFF2016 #IHSFF URL221… RT @USER31: It's going to be Awesome
in EPL next season! URL829 RT @USER685: What doesn't kill him, makes him
stronger. That's my President. #KayDUTERTEako @USER2253 @USER420 @USER335
@USER2377 @USER1375 @USER821, Dude, relax. Trump will dominate in California
come June 7th. I can't express how tragic her death was URL1168 RT @USER1898:
Un-Follow Me Now, This Is Gonna Be the Only Thing I Tweet About For The Next
Week. Ive Wanted This For Years Fuck. What The… RT @USER2207: Get u a girl who
can do both 😂 URL845 RT @USER1337: Wtf is this 😂 URL298 @USER1829 literally us
20 minutes ago URL269 7 reasons to love a sagittarius URL1490 RT @USER2075: Lord
Guthrie has obviously decided to ignore the pause in campaigning called for
after the assassination of Jo Cox. RT @USER1724: Who are the biggest girl band
on the planet right now? #LittleMix or @USER450 RT @USER2576: Coventry City
digest: What to do on a free weekend? – Coventry Telegraph URL912 May 2015 was
everything😪 Join the COUNTRY Financial team! See our latest #Sales #job opening
here: URL496 #Yakima, WA URL333 RT @USER1090: Dhoni makes fun of reporter asking
him question about his retirement Dhoni you beauty.. #IndvsWI #WT20 URL1612 Wow,
now that's a good photoshop job! URL751 RT @USER2330: save the best for you
SHINE BRIGHT GLEN @USER1577 @USER1678 @USER1632 @USER85 dashiki shirt to who
said that it looked awesome RT @USER2548: Oh, for socks sake! Am I going to have
to come down to that Westminster & run yon English parliament? There will be
some hard… @USER29 @USER2442 @USER2265 I'm grateful for this all happening BC
there is no (cont) URL338 @USER1563 1 out of 10 RT @USER1292: The #ESPYs open
with a powerful Black Lives Matter tribute: “We all have to do better“ URL497
URL621… finland nat animal brown bear #OTWOLMeetTheClient AWHHH SOO CUTEEE
URL1344 RT @USER2331: I've seen enough movies & tv shows to learn to stay away
from alcohol, drugs, and love. RT @USER1189: Sexy and the chair.... URL282 RT
@USER2051: here is the giveaway info for the tons of people asking URL1454 So
dope that my brother is running at Aquinas next year! #ProudBrotherTweet 🏃🏽💨⚡️
RT @USER1346: When your mate who's Mrs rarely lets him out makes it to the pub
URL1013 RT @USER1010: gotta respect the game URL1247 RT @USER2169: Lol niggas be
hating on me like I did them dirty or some @USER50 @USER103 4/4 HAI YOGENDRA
YADAV CONFIRMED IN PUBLIC THAT YOU WERE AWARE OF TOMAR'S FARZI DEGREE WELL IN
ADVANCE DOJO NEWS: Ahead of all-American Top Team title fight, take a tour of
the team’s new Florida headquarters URL1240 RT @USER1098: #MSGrequest For
Supporting physically disabled people and gainfully employed, to help them to
get married and generate em… Please say youre in scotland :^) i want to take you
up the bombies and we can share a blue wkd URL1050 @USER1789 😅😂 Ima just shut up
🙂☝🏽️ RT @USER2414: Want to become a sponsored health and fitness influencer? |
URL781 URL472 RT @USER807: "we forever" "i ain't never giving up on you" "imma
marry you" "ain't no other girls" "i love you" 🙄🙄🙄🙄 URL950… RT @USER966:
20160319 CNBLUE #ComeTogetherinChongqing URL767 URL1452 The brain is one
fascinating Organ. the way she started blowing make a nigga want some head.. so
I guess I smoke 😼 @USER1278 @USER867 @USER1643 my eyes say its him,haha..but my
eyes can be wrong.. RT @USER581: Do you ever just look at your boyfriend and
think "oh my god I'm the luckiest girl ever" 😍 RT @USER761: Say what you will
about the sweet miracle of unquestioning faith, I consider a capacity for it
terrifying and absolutely… I would do anything to be able to see Shawn. Each
time he leaves it gets harder and harder ,and it just makes me sad. RT
@USER1760: Crocodiles are fast on their feet, but cannot turn very well. If one
is chasing you, run in zig zag lines. The Summer Fair is coming up really soon -
what will you be entering? URL923 RT @USER2358: Woah wtf when did everyone I
know get into relationships RT @USER169: Trump used a pseudonym when making
threatening phone calls to try to stop lawsuit on his illegal Polish workers.
URL221… @USER720 Dylan and Chris wont be there will they? RT @USER1737: I've a
take: the idea that the ghosbusters remake is some sort of feminist victory
proves how utterly low the bar is f… This is me everyday after school URL820
Check out Ty Pennington's 9 Essential Items for Any Toolbox URL1311 URL587 RT
@USER1714: Game of Thrones season 6 world premiere: everything we learned,...
#GameofThronespremiere URL997 RT @USER2443: Take advantage of our July 4th Sales
Event! Use the code "JULY4" for 15% off your order!🇺🇸 URL465💪🏼 URL218… RT
@USER1411: Women are more likely to experience physical violence committed by
their spouse than men. SPEAK UP against #GBV. URL222… #ff @USER1479 The national
campaign dedicated 2 tackling youth unemployment. Home of the YOUTH FRIENDLY
BADGE & Youth Employment e-magazine RT @USER2154: "The #studentexperience
@USER2155 has made me who I am today" #UniExperience video: URL805 URL220… RT
@USER2273: "Is it Snapchat?" So cute 😭 URL1446 There's an air a negative
connotation to that question URL943 RT @USER1968: free that nigga DV @USER1622
@USER218 will you please help pass the message about my Aunties dying wish on
@USER1885 it would mean so much to me and her 💖 RT @USER1456: Dizzy in Guilty
Gear #EVO2016 URL401 RT @USER816: Finding Dory made me so feel guilty for every
single time I've touched the sea creatures in the touch pools at aquariums I'M
SORRY RT @USER1017: Only 26 away from 500! Awesome growth over the last month.
Thank you everyone. Can we get to 500? @USER1483 @USER437 #sma… The easiest way
to make money with #Amazon #Affiliate URL1558 #blogging #webmaster Google's
parent company Alphabet is… RT @USER2045: Don't introduce me to your parents
unless you plan on marrying me bc they're going to love me and ask about me for
the res… RT @USER2181: "Prince?? Prince fucking Nelson is that you?!" URL1207 RT
@USER1571: malia obama is all of us URL272 RT @USER2262: To piss off the UK
establishment #reasonstoleaveEU @USER126 he LISTENED RT @USER868: She's poured
her heart out discreetly. The photo itself was brave. IF THAT'S NOT FCKING LOVE,
IDK WHAT THAT IS 😩🔫 #ALDU… Hey Changing Wellness thanks for the follow. We
really appreciate it! The Fabulous Frogs were Grammar Detectives today!
Searching for the main and subordinate clauses within different sentences. Way
to go! : ) RT @USER170: "They" don't want you to be concerned about climate
change, but @USER1828 & I want you to be. Major 🔑/ Major 🔬 URL1175… RT
@USER1821: the only person i'll accept as poison ivy URL1536 @USER189 @USER1237
oh cry me a river will you 🙄 RT @USER491: GOT7 1st CONCERT 'FLY IN GUANGZHOU' @
Guangzhou Tianhe Sports Center. 2016.06.18 7:30PM URL485 URL221… RT @USER1473:
Not included in that was the growing, scary abuse, & racial attacks occurring on
& offline post brexit @USER2564 h… RT @USER1895: Hey guys remember Captan
America Civil War? Yeah it sucked RT @USER1677: Our genius
producer/writers/showrunners answer a few things about #Westworld URL1555 Awww
po baby lol RT @USER1628: This girl from rehearsal introduced herself to me by
saying I looked like ... URL589 I totally agree ban Islam uk URL512 Then the
people that do offer,I don't trust their cooking! @USER397 we love you ekpe
please !! RT @USER576: Whoo! On March 16th I'll be having a charity stream on
twitch to benefit @USER1059!! Mark your calendars! URL221… @USER1503 most of
them think they are little experts especially if ur at that Shea one ONRPE: #on
hyunkid I like you but.. fr: empty Oh good morning Godbless guys😂 RT @USER154:
Buddy, don't you cry as they go Life changes all of us, it's not your fault. -
XXX 88, MØ I think he's the reason I didn't feel as horrible after finding out
what I did. ooo watch out isis anonymous are going to steal your bitcoins Is
that flagrant on Carroll?? RT @USER1274: High School Musical 3 URL167 RT
@USER2619: RT iuqties: don't forget that ftisland's jaejin also is a fan of IU!
😂 URL1124 @USER2235 @USER192 @USER191 @USER55 thanks for gant btw hope 2 months
of kelly johnson was worth it last year RT @USER1341: NIGHT I HOPE YOU HAVE A
GREAT NIGHTS SLEEP LOVE YOU Just posted a photo URL1125 @USER1795 absolutely
URL510 | Verwoerd's 'bantu education' still alive - DA URL341 RT @USER87: *grabs
popcorn 🍿 at twatching #USTHalalan2016* @USER1985 @USER1943 why is the UPS man
lying dead on your living room floor? Watching #9TheHabibs is like hanging out
with my in-laws. Yella habibi! 😂 This this me URL960 RT @USER982: This for you
@USER104 URL1130 RT @USER586: Don't ever let someone tell you what you can't do.
"I want a grilled cheese" "It's 6 am" "the fuck is your point" RT @USER1543: I
really hate all of y'all for this 😂😂😭😭😭💀💀💀 URL1017 *bound 😒 I posted a new video
to Facebook URL1341 New Lara Vapnyer in @USER986 this week! :D This will be my
special treat after I am finished teaching for the day. Hearts RT @USER455:
Fourteen years ago, Like Mike hit the theaters. URL837 I have a lot of tough
choices ahead of me in the next 24 hours. RT @USER928: Who here likes yourselves
an awesome classic yellow Ferrari F40 ??????????????? URL1470 RT @USER2200: You
can't change nobody that don't wanna be changed 💯 @USER728 so to hai My
powers... will I ever get them back? "Physically he was the connoisseur's
connoisseur. He was a giant panda, Santa Claus and the Jolly Gre... URL1386
#quotes RT @USER646: Me and Jack have put well over six figures of our own money
into this album. And we are making sure it is perfect. For all of yo… Not sure
WTF I was expecting URL1424 Chicken, Beef, Salmon? We guide you on the perfect
wine to pair with these fine dining choices URL1330 RT @USER1754: Restoration
work to Loyalist House in Saint John is now underway: URL727 URL789 waaaa nice
one pink ribbon LetsPrayFor MAINE Victory URL332 RT @USER100: Congratulations to
@USER400 on topping our March Goal of the Month poll! Watch it here: URL1551
URL225… RT @USER2298: uhm funny po ako😹 thank you po! #StBratsExhibit URL655 My
bad ass chicks URL1517 RT @USER1657: I'm in love with Nekkoala ❤️
#PokemonSunMoon #corocoro URL666 @USER1611 strangers not allowed sorry
Romantically Evolved. URL908 #romance #romantic #maxi #bag #blues #love #ootd
#fashion URL427 RT @USER2464: Illuminating the Middle Ages with Prof. Albrecht
Classen - Dr.... #MedievalHistory URL455 #MedievalHistory RT @USER1326: I want
to swim in a natural pool someday. URL1521 that tribe game was crazyy RT
@USER1904: “Vacay“ is a word people on serious vacation use, they're so relaxed
they won't even finish off the last syllable. Im so close to stanning monsta x
RT @USER2174: Haven't lost a friend that I want back Couldn't tweet on way back
down bc I was carrying jug... @USER2426 URL467 RT @USER2177: as if I'm worried
about you bitches💅🏼 URL939 RT @USER2336: 5 Signs That You May Have Unhealthy
Vagina And 5 Things That You Can Do About It. URL811 URL224… Tiny Company Hits
King-Size Diamond Jackpot URL1427 #Business #company #diamond #Hits #Jackpot
URL877 RT @USER40: Wenger: "We are a bit short on goal scored. We will try to
certainly strengthen in that department." [@USER549] htt… RT @USER2412: BEFORE
AND AFTER URL675 when i get to arizona, im buying burgers and bringing them to
my best friend so we can pig out and she can feel better RT @USER719: 'Love
Rocks' show support for Gresham High School after shooting threat #LiveOnK2
URL1475 URL847… URL824 Retweeted I'm in the arndale centre I have 8 hours to
wait for the signing TALK ABOUT KEEN URL690 @USER2187 turn my notifications off
so you don't see my 200 mispellings out of 200 tweets RT @USER836: THESE ARE
NOUNS FFS URL1525 Idk what it is but its yellowish so I'm gonna call it blonde
URL1578 Free Live Chat: princessdollxxx URL1030 #shemale #tranny RT @USER1184:
The rise of the moon. 28 minutes later, 11 pictures were taken -- Now put into
one beautiful picture URL783… Twitter asked what's happening. Twitter doesn't
wanna know what's happening @USER2134 Follow back ...I need to DM you Guess Ima
go to bed early again since I have no one to talk to RT @USER671: When someone
starts typing but you're still in the message with your read receipts on so you
gotta hurry up and dip URL218… Calily Ultrasonic Essential Oil Diffuser
Aromatherapy with Remote Control, Relaxing URL622 URL663 RT @USER12: 4 years ago
I lost my brother! Happy birthday bro! I miss u #22💯 URL460 RT @USER2200: Swear
this be me 😂😂😂 URL862 RT @USER2469: Black lives matter I posted a new photo to
Facebook URL956 League ladder for a bit, come chill and talk about the universe:
URL754 RT @USER791: 8. But those who condemn others don’t use mirrors.
#Letr2Jack dear @USER1824's girlfriend. you won the guy we all dreamed of
having. so please. do us a favor. hold him and never let him go. RT @USER1749:
Okay nsfw but oh my god what URL1552 @USER1559 I have RT @USER2480: Come on guys
speed up! #5SOSFam #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards RT @USER539: Halsey and Brendon
singing I Write Sins Not Tragedies URL742 RT @USER44: hit a switch on a fake
nigga like a stationnnnnnn. ix My #TeenChoice nominee for #SocialMediaQueen
#ChoiceFemaleHottie #ChoiceInstagrammer is Britney Spears RT @USER1169: So they
won? URL674 "Marriage, like a symphony, is the result of the harmony and
partnership of different… URL866 All this time everything was seemingly slow and
now it feels like it went so fast😕 RT @USER1366: day n' night; street art.
URL854 RT @USER637: Underground clinics in Turkey treating Syria's wounded
jihadist terrorists to fight on URL539 via @USER913… This is fishing success
story all anglers should read URL1165 @USER1825 @USER2546 I was trying to be as
nice as I could without blowing up or cussing Pretty disappointed with the
immaturity and vulgarness of some of the people in the Aus COD community
#NoFaithInHumanity RT @USER634: Hugely proud to have won a @USER2479 Innovation
Excellence Award for our #graphicmedicine #comics! URL1216… The latest The Asif
Siddiqui Daily! URL1500 Thanks to @USER2204 @USER1267 @USER2577 #food #foodie RT
@USER777: Friday night at #SDCC2016 with sis, @USER1679 covered in magic!
#onceuponatime #evilregalsdcc ❤️🦄💚 URL1178 Look for #exercise for #back URL838
URL1297 Submit to ORIGINAL MUSIC CONTEST Win $1000s in CASH + promo!!!
#contest--->> URL238 URL540 they alright URL1469 They're on a roll, let's keep
it going all night long! #lgbtcomics #kickstarter #gamevix URL957 RT @USER438:
Kendall is a queen huntyyyy yasssss URL314 RT @USER1721: Piper Chapmen
-crazy/manipulative -still my cute lil bean -gay af -vauseman URL436 RT
@USER820: These 7 Facebook Photo Fails Will Make You Cringe URL1073 URL913
*everyday URL1499 „In Marathon Filibuster, Democrats Call for Gun Limits” by
JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH via NYT The New York Times URL916 RT @USER160: I asked God
for strength, and God gave me difficulties to make me strong. @USER598 probably
a fake stomach "Kids exposed to the arts score higher on tests, graduate at
increased rates, are better problem-solvers" #edreform URL537 RT @USER559: Join
us in #Hyderabad for hands-on experience with #SmartMApp technology!
#IGNITEyourMApp URL747 htt… RT @USER2144: @USER2144 like pay attention to me ugh
RT @USER2097: @USER2162 stop comparing Fergie to iggy because Fergie is so
talented & TI writes iggys music (when she had hits) double… RT @USER1043: Who's
the better QB? RT for Tom Brady Fav for Peyton Manning URL701 @USER1813 How has
your day been? I hope it's been amazing. 😊 I like it how I'm comfortable with my
team that I can just take off my eyebrows and makeup even tho they laughed 😂😚
Half step studies animals. single-mindedness a paralegal baronet third online ja
catch up other self a jurispru... RT @USER1990: OnePlus 3 to come to India 15th
June will start at Rs. 23999 URL951 #oneplus #india #OnePlus3 RT @USER1121: rt
to bless someone's timeline URL1590 RT @USER1537: I want it to be warm ☹ I have
cute dresses that I wanna wear!! (yixingspixie) RT @USER2549: RT THIS Tweet to
win tickets to an exclusive London #GameOfThrones S5 screening on March 14! UK
Only - Closes 3/3! URL224… @USER638 hey baby thanks for being the best. So glad
you're all mine 😘😘😘💘 RT @USER889: I wish i could express more. RT @USER511: Asus
Gaming PC Giveaway Follow me & @USER490 Turn on mobile notifications RETWEET
this tweet URL253… IM HUNGRY RT @USER2376: 2016: trump wont win 2017: trump cant
do that 2018: this is your emergency broadcast system announcing commencement of
the 1… RT @USER1392: Paul Pogba addressing his move to Manchester United on
Instagram. He's trolling us all. URL392 RT @USER2008: when bae forgets that
"good morning" text bc he overslept URL477 @USER2647 hit the weights 🐱 @USER1242
@USER1620 @USER2170 @USER2061 Thanks lovely brother! Istanbul airport attack: 23
Turks, at least 10 foreign nationals killed, officials say, as...URL880 via
@USER121 RT @USER1975: When you just cashed your check and your momma ask if she
can hol somethin. URL1190 buy value prints of original paintings at low cost by
arteonline4u URL565 #etsy RT @USER1623: Many congrats to Mark Zuckerberg whose
hard work finally gets the recognition it deserves URL1355 RT @USER861: Video:
Ryan Giggs 'accidentally' bumping into Brian Kidd in the Ethiad tunnel. 😂 #MUFC
URL850 RT @USER1578: #growingupemo thinking your music was better bc it was
"different" & getting mad when other people started liking the sam… @USER1142
yeah. Ignored need basically. RT @USER472: I can't believe this level of
loyalty... people don't even ask me if I'm okay if I miss school URL521 RT
@USER67: Wait Until You See Kylie Jenner's Raunchy New Bikini Selfie It's Not
What You're Expecting, URL756 2. Half a heart RT @USER1406: 8 Dekalb county
families displaced after intense fire ripped through apartment bldg. don't miss
my live report at 6p URL219… #DollyParton announces first tour in over 25 years
#DollyParton... #DollyParton URL766 Look After You - The Fray. @USER2264
lmfaooooo i wish i could RT that. you are honest af RT @USER361: Deeply saddened
by the news of Zaha Hadid's passing, we remember her amazing work at
#DesignShanghai 2016. URL224… I saw this early & thought it was pretty fun to
watch! @USER2227 was great! Are you going to see it? 🎬🎥 URL370 What a tough half
of rugby league! Impressed with our uncompromising defence, it's a big effort to
nil Leeds in a half! #Wire @USER103 Intension makes the difference RT @USER2528:
Nicki Minaj Is Showing Way Too Much On Snapchat URL1518 Maximize the marketing
potential of any social media network URL720 #smm URL546 woman lying inabot
URL432 RT @USER60: It's a strong look! The #CaveMan gym #Kitbag used by
@USER1489 bowler @USER202 #TeamAffinity #gymferret 👊💪 URL217… RT @USER865:
@USER560 that was good .. he was a little bit better today and enjoyed sun and
garden :-)) have a good nite..see ye RT @USER304: AtHondaLaunching
#DANIELsBirthMonthDay3 URL1408 hope i win the iPhone 6!! 😊 #WassabiGiveaway
URL339 @USER1977 @USER2111 follow me pls RT @USER1734: Music is all we got
Traffic was wilding. @USER390 A1) Stutterheim asked attendees to dress in white
as a tribute to his brother Miles #EDMLIspecial #SensationIndia #Hyderabad RT
@USER1021: My latest: New York State is reviewing Clinton Global Initiative
University's use of the term "university" URL302… my friend: "do you love K-Pop?
You’re not a Korean.” /// me: “why? Do we need to be Italian to love pizza?”
Just posted a photo URL441 Is that a no... Congrats @USER2339 2nd best
Sommelière in the world and 4th among all contendants at #BestWorldSommARG2016 .
#VamosPaz Felicidades!!! @USER1748 @USER299 aye we getting inked up over here in
the Chi! Talking about sleeves and shit! Lol and she thought i actually watched
the show all i know is he says bazinga and is kind of a weird cunt?? i forget
Want a chance to win some prizes from @USER1440? Just head over to @USER2630 and
enter! URL856 RT @USER1899: BREAKING! - The Pill That Boosts Brain Activity💊
Doctors Are Calling It 'Limitless'🙌 URL1364 Depends on the relationship me and
that person had🤔 URL1570 RT @USER1804: Don't waste your time with people who
don't appreciate you. RT @USER1103: Who wants to win a #XboxOne ? Simply Retweet
to everyone & Follow us to enter Contest URL947 URL222… i have 0 respect for
liars. 😪 #ashmole #swansea Banks will demand a bonfire of red tape and open
immigration if UK quits the European Union URL1063 I'm gonna kms just got txt
saying we have practice like wth it's friday I got plans @USER2424 their***** RT
@USER1466: //GUYS SHOUTOUT TO @USER1240 Go RP WITH HIM HE NEEDS MORE SLS!
@USER1555 LMAOOOO MY WHOLE HISTORY "😂" URL743 Retweeted URL334 Wishing your pets
could talk is fun until you remember everythxng you've ever done in front of
your petc. RT @USER1554: Don't lose someone you love over your pride . #golfing
#golfnews 1999 NEW in Box Mr Christmas Animated Musical Golfing Santa 15 Xmas
... URL1119 URL656 RT @USER856: The vegetarian food is rich in fiber. These
fibers are helpful in providing minerals and vitamins to the body. #MSGlovesH…
AW MAN SO DO YOU URL614 RT @USER1089: MORE: Some of hospitalized got critical
trauma stab wounds URL1307 pic by @USER68 #Sacramento URL219… RT @USER1656: A
dad turns his sons imagination into visuals 😩 URL996 have you ever just randomly
started crying because you've been holding in all of these emotions and
pretending to be happy for way too long? People never change. They just become
more of who they really are #DolceAmoreFirefLIEs RT @USER1270: #ContestAlert
Show us some love! Gear up for #SultanTrailerOnSony at 7 PM because it's SULTAN
TRAILER DAY! END of 1st: Condors up 2-1 with goals from @USER1060 & @USER1214.
#Condorstown RT @USER1048: #EducatorsPlaybook: @USER379 offers advice for high
school athletes choosing colleges URL572 URL222… @USER523 okay I see you getting
a little color in yo skin RT @USER20: #1 on Trending Shazams! RomeoPlay5H
URL1409 RT @USER1933: Harry held is hand lol rip URL1613 RT @USER1358: will
never understand why the smell of girls perfume lasts 9 secs, while boys can go
through an apocalypse and manage t… @USER2279 lolol.. i cant remember which site
but it was postes while bap was in north america I just checked my bank account
and there's so many o's Hey, look at this URL899 Cravinggggg!! RT @USER2088:
this country was built off of dreamers … never give up on your dreams, bro…
@USER2472 Please submit a request and tweet back your ticket so we can help to
resolve this issue: URL1328 Thanks! *MH Can’t wait for Nintendo’s tiny NES? A
mini Genesis is already on Amazon URL940 URL705 RT @USER172: today is July 396th
and still no Frank Ocean album Let me live baby let me live 📷 erzascrlt: Happy
Valentine’s Day from Aqours 💖 URL785 RT @USER616: @USER530 Oh wow....Eye-
popping craze Everywhere 👏 #MSG2in500CrClub RT @USER287: Be a best friend, tell
the truth, and overuse I love you. -Lee Brice RT @USER615: @USER1581 This
unstoppable carvan vl go far! Satan&his disciples has not much power2stop this
caravan! #200DaysMSG2 s a bash… RT @USER2520: Cannot wait to see @USER1086's
latest masterpieces at the BTC premiere! ✨ URL1014 I just earned the 'Newbie'
badge on @USER2582! URL716 RT @USER1914: .@USER888 is looking for some
#genSTEMgirls to help make the world a better place. Sounds like a job for Girl
Scouts! URL218… New Nike SB: £15.00 (0 Bids)End Date: Wednesday Apr-6-2016
17:28:16 BSTBid now | Add to watch list URL779 Top Catholic News * Women leaders
share their stories at Vatican event: VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- In the heart ...
URL542 RT @USER1111: Tweet or RT using #RedNose4Kids and @USER1905 will donate
$10 to end child poverty. #RedNoseDay URL1607… RT @USER1806: 39. when everyone
agreed on the dislike of Serena URL1131 RT @USER2029: Teacher: 「Can you pls tell
the class why you're so late?」 Me: Someone told me to go to hell Me: Couldnt
find it at first… The horribly slow murderer with the extremely inefficient
weapon URL1327 New post: Keeping Up with the Kardashians 12×6 | The Kardashian
Curse | Season 12, Episode 6 URL807 RT @USER1742: lol love it when people "can't
fucking stand me" 💓 xo RT @USER1443: Can we all just take a moment to appreciate
how perfectly written this number 5 is.... URL893 RT @USER1782: Who likes scary
movies 🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻 RT @USER1949: MY BLOOD IS BOILING INSIDE OF MY VEINS URL1234 Toney
Freeman / USA - 12th place at the Arnold Classic USA 2016 in Pro Bodybuilding…
URL376 Frank Sinatra, My Way, With Lyrics URL263 RT @USER1351: #adidas Ultra
Boost on sale for $136 with code "C6E2Y23E" and VIP membership -> URL687
URL1572… How One Family of Four Created Enough Passive Income to Travel Forever
URL1438 URL1066 @USER1595 Fav and Follow me for +40 free follows. 🌈 RT @USER908:
.@USER2642 plates Cabrera to make it 3-0 #Mets! URL728 @USER369 Bro there ? RT
@USER2338: What the bathroom controversy says about the fragile Republican
coalition: URL725 @USER394 @USER2234 God forbid you upset Daddy my skin is clear
URL709 I'm hiring - Senior Accountant in Portland, OR URL931 #job #miguelramose
URL809 #seo will manually build 10 high pr web 2.0 PBN URL1441 RT @USER876: When
Louis van Gaal dey pack hin load commot, make e leave hin notepad behind abeg...
We gots know wetin dey inside dat… RT @USER2541: Can somebody text me 😪 SOS
anyone know of any good vegetarian restaurants !?! Kenya is indeed a Hotbed of
Champions! We rock the world Hongera Kenya7s. Made us so proud #KaribuniMashujaa
#Kenya7s @USER717 @USER745 Hello Terra, Teeshirts and Hoodies are named by U!
ORDER NOW!: URL577 .Thank @USER1666 URL677 🍹Nobody can kiss like you. Chat with
me⏩ URL775 💕 URL230 Trade deadline week is always lit RT @USER1766: They want us
talking, they want us fearing, they want us arguing, but most of all they want
us hating...hating each other… RT @USER1223: listen on spotify now URL1012
Register now for the Junior @USER136 U8/10/12/14/16/19 - Easter 2017 - JUST
£290pp RT @USER1000: When you miss a free throw and you hear somebody whisper "I
guess ball isn't life" URL161 RT @USER2651: RT if you weren't ready for
#Formation 😭 Job : Pueblo CO - Psychiatrist - Spectrum Accountable Care is
comprised of highly professional members who are... URL1241 @USER57 Request you
to share us your booking details for us to look into the issue RT @USER2: 29
Kids Books With Sexual Innuendos Hopefully Only Adults Will Understand! see
URL1138 RT @USER2076: .I apologise for this, but I hope every pro-EU @USER1409
member reads it. It's so important. URL1620 I member when I'd play Moreno @ 2k
100 times and beat him 101 times and all the young things line up to take you
place RT @USER994: Quality of life matters more than GDP. Our infrastructure is
at breaking point inside EU. #bbcqt URL1486 RT @USER1718: eat her pussy &
support her attitude. RT @USER1443: Look how instinctively, the mother croc
carries the baby in its mouth. Nature is beautiful. URL839 @USER53 As do I. I've
always been a fan of Honda and Acura sports cars. There's just something about
them that I love so much. RT @USER652: Our relationship with God should be our
main focus RT @USER1873: Retweet for 200 free follows Must be following ✨🍃
(picking 5 people who have my notifications) RT @USER2034: Sleep well, can't
wait for you guys to see my upcoming projects I'm working on!!!!🙊😍 Love you
all;) RT @USER419: This lil Wayne commercial is beyond awful. RT @USER1433: Wow
- Holy SH*T! URL1161 URL1206 RT @USER815: Realising your summer plans so far
only consist of work, sleeping, and constant anxiety URL355 Chicago Mayor Looks
to Replace Agency That Reviews Police Conduct - New York Times How can Jason's
brain not be mush? #GH Pity Eric Dier having to do the work of 3 men tonight.
they currently only have one kid and that's me. URL917 RT @USER51: The stronger
you become in your deen the more things make sense, you get a clearer direction
and you know what's good for yo… Dunedin Income Growth Investment Tr PLC $DIG To
Go Ex-Dividend on May 5th URL494 @USER82 I'll braid your hair and make u soup if
u want americans are gonna start killing white people just to try and even it
out...lol @USER263 AND THIS IS WHY I'VE ALWAYS HATED BILLY JOEL. Goddammit,
Billy Joel. RT @USER178: Steve Kerr is a savage URL300 RT @USER922: Mourinho
divided Chelsea fans into two parts. Just as he did at Real Madrid @USER1534
D985 5535 08AA 4DEF RT @USER1429: Twisted Thin Cuff Bracelet, Sterling Silver
Bangle Cuff Bracelet URL611 #minimalist #jewelry URL1562… RT @USER2620: HERES
THE VIDEO OF DEAN AND I MEETING YALL HE WAS SO FUNNY URL890 RT @USER494: Ladies
and Gentlemen ,Chike! URL673 RT @USER2513: Life would incredibly boring if it
was easy. - Taylor Swift RT @USER178: Kevin Durant = Brandon Ingram? KD agrees.
URL801 Brandon Roy turns 32 today! Would've def won a ship in Portland if he
stayed healthy! 🙌🏽🙌🏽 @USER2456 It's like the world is digitally modified with
this layover. It's hard to explain but super colorful, animated and hyperreal
@USER2072 smh someone from an account as @USER417 😂 doesn't sound racist at all.
#Win a £50 voucher. Valid at over 1K restaurants To enter RT&F with #TrueLoveTHM
& REGISTER URL1039 URL842 RT @USER527: No one trains for 2nd place... RT
@USER1745: rt if ur dating the coolest person ever Don't really wanna be at work
rn!😩 @USER1573 headcanon accepted Win tix to see @USER812 at @USER1335 on
8/12.Tune in TODAY on @USER1790 at 6p PT to win URL632 URL1238 Zac Brown Band
Beautiful Drug URL517 My cat is snoring, it's annoying. Fred Fredburger is the
GOAT of Cartoon Network comedy RT @USER683: Super hungry 🙁 one door closes & a
million others open. this is how i know god is always on my side 💗 RT @USER886:
These U.K.-loving U.S. stocks could really get hammered by Brexit URL1582 RT
@USER1635: #CleanUpJNU agree with everything, but right to free speech has
limits and the people need to understand that.. URL223… RT @USER2617: Orgasmic
Sex Positions That Are Even Better With Vibrators>>URL1134 URL1619 RT @USER1319:
THIS JUST MADE ME SO HAPPY URL256 RT @USER1535: So @USER1486 were by far the
best set of the day,even after the idiots at Slamdunk fucked their set up and
didnt allow t… @USER1461 exactly. It doesn't add up RT @USER35: Sums up my
life... URL928 URL976 @USER969 @USER1500 @USER2010 @USER1175 @USER1166 Nop sleep
is far from my eyes tonight RT @USER468: 71 years ago today, @USER1412 #Marines
began the Battle for Iwo Jima. URL308 RT @USER274: I laughed so hard .. I
thought the nigga was gone say Goose 😂😂😂 URL434 @USER1018 hope you have a good
one!! 😊 RT @USER669: "Never above you. Never below you. Always beside you"
URL1367 RT @USER1880: @USER1921 you already know this us. URL450 oh today's
fathers day ke RT @USER2491: it's yo french boy URL762 RT @USER128: when ur sad
and people ask if ur okay URL1407 Hearing sorry all the time is really getting
boring.😴 RT @USER2403: my kink is being home alone Lewis Hamilton wins thrilling
Monaco GP ahead of Ricciardo URL855 URL1548 Success in Duckland last night for
the @USER1617 first eatwith dinner! Thanks to everyone… URL290 RT @USER1343: How
high are you? URL1237 RT @USER2104: JUST: Apple has invested $1 billion in
Chinese ride hailing app Didi Chuxing. Didi has 300m customers and does 11 mil…
RT @USER66: When I see back to school commercials URL896 Watch this #ABB video:
URL1439 - Ron Popper talks about Human Rights and its importance for ABB URL793
RT @USER1607: Read this rant. It may open your eyes a bit. URL1290 @USER2575 I
JUST SAW THIS RT @USER2277: Talking to yourself can improve your mood, enhance
your intelligence and boost self esteem. RT @USER1907: @USER1619 Employers want
to pay only for what they need, and they’re getting comfortable with hiring gig
workers, often remo… Staples Now Selling Recycle-by-Mail Boxes URL922 via
@USER1458 URL1524 how to remove falsies like tf im scared of pulling out my own
lashes RT @USER2344: Marginal seat campaigning is why LNP-ALP duopoly gets away
with saying so little about defence, foreign policy & other major… RT @USER781:
Learn about the Voting Rights Act! Informed is the new black. #BernieorBust
#RestoretheVRA URL240 URL220… RT @USER2258: The Climb 💜 URL1227 RT @USER712: 😂😂😂
She rang me in a panic, mother does not have a clue about snapchat filters 😩
URL250 The greatest Gift I would have gave to my Father "Fastory" for his
selfless fatherhood, is the one who saved me:... URL1301 .@USER927 @USER1042
@USER341 And Jeb doesn't, of course... URL1070 RT @USER2032: it blows my mind to
think that the world was once dominated by dinosaurs. a planet full of giant
lizards aimlessly roamin… Everybody is fighting and now it's rubbing off on me,
I'm about to go push my sister down brb 😡 Do you like Slot games? Get Xtreme
Slots for FREE! #Xtremeslots URL744 URL1176 SUBETE NO OWARI @USER2127 have fun
kiddo .@USER2434 really likes socks, I've heard! ;3 URL1292 @USER2662 because
you thought I was a scumbag and followed me to roast my soul Classy range of
#Men #footwear for him featuring #Ralphlauren #tods #originalpenguin & more!
URL251 URL1503 I just love this woman so much! This picture just makes me melt…
URL414 s/o snapchat for locking me out of my account for doing absolutely
nothing. 😊 Trading local product Michael Saunders came back to haunt the
Mariners - URL1419 RT @USER3: 'If I don't start, I won't be there' RT @USER1608:
We're honestly the fleekest bestfriends 😂💞 URL1601 BRIEF-Nielsen signs Univision
Communications to national and local TV digital measurement URL703 #companynews
9917 S Mission Blvd, Jurupa Valley, CA 92509 Sold on 6/17/16 Listed for $385,000
Sold for… URL1235 RT @USER1933: Modest literally trapped Zayn holy I just bawled
my eyes out because of Hamilton. I'm so proud #TonyAwards Justinlover1144
#DemiBestFans2016 @USER875 need to work hard on your content, just had a look at
city's Twitter and it's way more interesting.. @USER306 of course!!! Lol RT
@USER2489: teaching kendall and gigi how to do their jobs URL396 RT @USER769:
the twilight zone gives me so much life. Erik Prince in the Hot Seat: The U.S.
Department of Justice investigates the Blackwater founder’s new firm. URL529 RT
@USER252: Good evening #WorcestershireHour better late than never!!😜 hope
everyone's had a good bank holiday?? RT @USER339: But for serious, the rent
stats in your article are just made up URL818 URL934 RT @USER1126: Subhan'Allah.
The only cloud in the whole sky is blocking the sun & protecting those who are
worshipping. URL567… RT @USER2285: Massive mission to be launched to provide LPG
connections to BPL households: FM @USER1746 what say you home?😘❤️ #NBA Wire:
Report: Bulls players complaining about Butler URL1203 URL309 Although you have
energy to spare as the astrological element ... More for Virgo URL1298 RT
@USER1325: We should commit to making sure that no family spends more than 10%
of its income in child-care. URL985… I'm so turned on. URL228 2015-2016 Donald
Publishing Award winners K-5. #AuthorsTea @USER373 @USER1834 URL949 RT @USER405:
@USER985 @USER142 also on @USER1287 #cantbeintwoplacesatonce #poororganisation
URL1220 RT @USER238: A guy writing an article demanding sanders' average is
actually $29 is lecturing people on priorities 😂 URL1516… The boys back home
would never believe how far I've come, and I'm fine with that. RT @USER1672: The
Vow URL1322 RT @USER88: Really good #RHONY tonight. RT @USER2585: Knowledge does
not come to us in details, but in flashes of light from heaven. - Henry David
Thoreau RT @USER502: 54,916 Borussia Dortmund fans have renewed their season
tickets. ...Only 84 fans didn't. Some of these passed away. ht… RT @USER1116:
#WIN (20M2) 5m x 4m #MinionCarpet from @USER1116 #RT & #FOLLOW #COMPETITION
#GIVEAWAY URL843 ht… Im freee Every female thats a Gemini is a psychopath. No
ifs ands or buts about it. RT @USER1051: Podenco lounging with a ball is our
definition of #weekendgoals. (IG kurti_podenco) URL1252 RT @USER1960: MSG
@USER530 JI please bless to serve Humanity with Full Zeal!!🙏☺
#SaveHumanitySaysMSG Need blessings 24*7!☺ URL219… 4 people followed me //
automatically checked by URL1627 I get what I deserve because I earned it. I'm a
man and will man up to it. Still doesn't change the fact that it hurts me RT
@USER825: Real Reasons Why Anal Is The New Oral URL1170 #Iran #Tehran India,
Iran agree to clear $6.4 billion in oil payments via European banks: minister
@USER461 You'd be a Grass-type Pokémon! Folks admire your natural grace and
spirit. Your ideal day is to bask in the warmth of the sun. WHAT THE FUCK ohhh
and my PH tlist and mutuals please say hi to me if ever you see me in kpop
events!! don't be like Elle, Rin & maybe Bianca lol 🙈💕 RT @USER577: Self-harm
such an important topic not spoken enough! Pls read @USER968 piece ♥
#SelfHarmAwarenessDay URL1504… Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik feature in US Vogue
magazine for couple's first photoshoot: URL1123 via @USER1490 RT @USER2255:
Child Stars You Never Thought Would Grow Up To Be This Super Attractive, #7 Is A
Real Hottie URL559 I mean, I already did it anyway, but, ya know, it's subtle
now but if they allow me to, I'll go all out. RT @USER340: GET OUT OF MY SWAMP
URL983 RT @USER143: My day isn't starting off right, but trying to push through.
✊🏽 RT @USER2287: Get This six pack Figure In less time than you imagine #bicycle
#captainschair #torsotrack URL1394 URL218… @USER2210 love them all but I have to
say lone survivor is my favorite RT @USER1110: Use your “real-eyes” to “realize”
the “real-lies” @USER195 Snoopy Van Gough 😊 Frank. Where are you? RT @USER2273:
Zayn Malik has now replaced Justin Bieber as the #1 artist on iTunes/Spotify
worldwide. URL601 early for fitting 🌚 RT @USER1810: I'm 519% done with this
school year. I want summer. RT @USER188: GOLD CIRCLE is a party for you and some
more with the boys... See their SOUND CHECKS, POSTER and GET IN FIRST URL223…
Donald Trump #TrumpTrain 2016 Large Black Custom Decal IntlShip #republican #2a
#sgp #optrump URL1006 Aint even left work and already flaggin bol RT @USER2027:
sext: I want to heal with you and build something better. RT @USER614: So you
want to be a #realestate agent: URL1381 Great Deals >> URL265 New Eclipse V180
1.8" LCD 8GB USB 2.0 Digital Music/Video MP3 Player URL262 RT @USER1472: without
doubt , this is the most lit video on the net 🔥💯✊🏾 URL409 Didn't they tell u
that I was a savage RT @USER2470: MT @USER470: I'm all in with Ted Cruz, as he
is the true Constitutional Conservative. URL1610 #C… my earliest memory was of a
light moving away & coming back again until it fell away rocking chair mic drop
RT @USER115: me: I need to save money and get more hours at work work: you can
go home early if u wa- me: URL1359 RT @USER2478: @USER2591 be tolerant to
criticism young man, you also will be buddhe ek din like me WTF BE READY! 212 XO
#MTVHottest Beyonce Coldplay Meghan Trainor @USER1087 I hope you like our very
first inclusion campaign!l @USER2326 literally WHAT is he talking about someone
come get h @USER520 Always a pleasure. Have a great weekend xx RT @USER1416: I
might be ugly, but I text back in 30 seconds Growing up up I had to make do with
apple scented candle because lavender was for girls. RT @USER946: @USER936
@USER937 Did someone say pony!? 😮😄😃😎 RT @USER71: Goodness Gracious! Did You See
The Size Of Iggy Azalea's..Compare That To Her Tiny Waist URL633 URL218… Who can
I trust I know you niggas feel me RT @USER1953: There's still time to enter our
#FreebieFriday to win an Amazon voucher. Just keep following and retweeting!
#FridayFeeling love this task #bbuk Although the pace of your life has already
picked up in the pa... More for Gemini URL1435 Diggy - 4 Letter Word [Official
Video] URL440 via @USER1490 coupon clippers - BottledUpDesigns URL1326 RT
@USER734: Kanye using this video in "Ultra Light Beam" URL1397 make it last RT
@USER725: Have You Seen This? Tesla Model S drives sleeping owner through
traffic: A video of a napping driver behind t... URL225… RT @USER1328: Americans
prefer war heroes, even if they were captured: Trump #RNCinCLE speech drew lower
ratings than McCain '08 URL218… RT @USER2579: It takes two secs to educate
urself on vaginas but cis straight men continue to publicly embarrass themselves
w their … RT @USER2002: 12. #WeCantDate if u not humble... baby best believe I
can get a new nigga in a heartbeat don't ever think you're irreplace… @USER742
appreciate it fam! Talent develops in tranquility, character in the full current
of human life. RT @USER844: "BUT WHY NOT ALL LIVES MATTER? JUST NOT BLACK LIVES,
THATS NOT RACIST" URL482 RT @USER932: Tried to buy a doormat and here's what
arrived: a piece of foam with a photo of the thing I wanted printed on it.
URL218… @USER958 Before the shittery starts about him playing for Villa. So
what? Saw him play a fair bit for Nice, he's a tidy player and an upgrade Say
"fuck y'all" to all of y'all faces ♫ Me ,Myself & I by G-Eazy & Bebe Rexha —
URL1354 First gender neutral person of France :) URL1390 #coolmix #progress
#genderfree # freedom #accept... URL387 RT @USER2592: Looking for a 6.6L
Duramax. Will trade my Camry. #AllisonForLife @USER759 @USER2188 @USER2003
@USER694 @USER1670 shhh, don't tell her! RT @USER246: Even their mannerisms are
too alike. ^^ URL1481 RT @USER1258: I hate Twitter 😂 URL1576 RT @USER973: I've
been thinking about this for years actually. URL765 RT @USER301: Sad Larry😂😂😂😂😂
URL696 You are tea-rrific! Or own tea brand, how hot is that? 4 delicious
biological flavors! You are invited to taste URL1437 13 Deadliest Shootings in
America - URL415 RT @USER2062: GOOD NEWS, BLAZECOINS ARE BACK!!!! Earn coins,
redeem rewards being in stream watching my Ugly Face 7 stupid jokes^^ URL0…
What's wrong? URL398 mjanemann: URL523 #fbimwithher #EmailGate More Rules That
#HillaryClinton... URL481 RT @USER1951: wheat gods gc is so complicated why
can't we keep one gc name? which days are wheat and which are weed? RT @USER363:
I laugh in every situation of an argument lol RT @USER1986: he can get them sent
and save gas lmao🙃 URL1560 It's time to come back down to earth and take
concrete steps t... More for Leo URL1188 Way to stoked for this! s/o to
@USER2604 for this awesome flyer! #rad #RADmusic #radaf… URL486 @USER680
@USER1421 @USER354 @USER358 @USER1519 forgot me but ily big papi @USER1669 Wow.
That's pretty intense! RT @USER261: @USER1728 @USER1586 @USER2199 happy
#ALDUB42ndWeeksary : 42 = 24 ! The numbers 2 and 4 ❤️😊 RT @USER1639: "are you
tweeting about me??" um.. no.. but.. URL301 RT @USER1408: Respect between two
goalkeeping greats. 👏 #GERITA #EURO2016 URL407 @USER255 thanks so much :) RT
@USER498: The worst defeat in our history. England beaten by a country with more
volcanoes than professional footballers. Well playe… RT @USER19: Choose a cover
then retweet! #VeranoMTV2016 Fifth Harmony Put you on the games we play so
#VeranoMTV2016 5 Seconds Of Summer RT @USER152: Best Cars for Teenagers.... I
have #3 but number 8 is my favorite 😭😍🚘 URL1003 URL1172 @USER2612 I think you're
doing pretty well and don't really need a plan B. ;-) @USER2143 YOU CANT RUN
FROM THE TRUTH VIVI!! YOU ARE A FURRY!! RT @USER1364: 27) tw// Tyler with kids
lol URL826 Eagles Round Out Draft With LB Walker URL1546 RT @USER128: Always
griping about her dramatic life URL1631 @USER1945 thnk u 💜💜 @USER1700 Lol thanks
RT @USER2421: why can I relate to this so much URL1456 RT @USER1073: Don't
realize what they had until you walk out that door. #ooc Someone write this seg
for me. RT @USER1106: Wow the Internet is a dark place these days 👀👀👀 Kentucky
‘Viagra counters anti-abortion law with ‘Viagra’ bill: The bill plays on
anti-abortion measures' reli... URL1129 RT @USER2439: NC Governor claiming
Christianity & defending Discrimination #GOPFault #JesusAintComingBack URL1403
URL218… RT @USER848: RT & tag for the benefit of anyone who doesn't believe in
anti-City bias - this is unbelievable: #mcfc URL1090… @USER386 I fav your tweets
and talk to you all the time 😭😭 why you got to treat me like this @USER1002 who
is they @USER1613 @USER2357 @USER2452 @USER2588 @USER2236 @USER377 @USER1139
@USER1298 @USER2419 thanks I have 7 new followers from USA, and more last week.
See URL1372 URL1580 RT @USER903: Eph 5:14 KJV Wherefore he saith, Awake thou
that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall g... URL1396… RT
@USER594: TEST: Do You have A Dirty Mind, URL329 @USER1690 yeah everythings fine
now!! it was taken care of, im hoping the problem wont come back tho but u
kno..... ^_____T RT @USER1249: Luke was still good. he was jealous of my beard
URL749 I've been listening to AC/DC , Bon Jovi, Linkin Park, and Green Day for
the past 4 hours @USER589 my pleasure, as always! Thanks for the retweet! 💗 RT
@USER1551: I love me some me 💙 RT @USER1918: #OmarLives !! #LongmireOnNetflix
#Longmire Happy #ManCandyMonday URL1554 RT @USER1329: Ugandans answer the
question: Donald Trump or their corrupt dictator Yoweri Museveni? URL1496 RT
@USER1168: Yeah well boot cut can damage my rep, what's more important cuz
URL973 Amelia, watercolor, 9x12:URL617 URL645 RT @USER24: I want to win
@USER2050 Dm Pack URL1445 RT @USER34: *fun* walk home URL103 Or dreams about
buying a really big house and choosing the best bedroom They ask me this atleast
3 times a day lol URL1418 Order closed at P/L of $0.93. Ticket 123546591 Buy
0.01 lots EURUSD - URL1085 Clearly YOUR life is too easy if my tweeting about
this upsets you. Fuck off, you misogynist little prick. URL1509 @USER2185 maybe
do sprints. A great way to increase calorie burn. RT @USER2495: #Swish will be
signing at Sunday's game 12-12:20PM (tix required). Gates-12PM, 1st pitch-1:05PM
#GoRailRiders URL222… RT @USER809: Here are 5 ways for you to start using
#Twitter to market your #business: URL1320 URL1262 @USER1041 happy birthday! RT
@USER165: Delay update: #BB18 will air at 8:40/7:40c! Overall BvS wasn't
great... alot of really great stuff cut inbetween long stretches of garbage HUGE
Daily Deals > URL1224 #6180 #1954 50 Wholesale Lot of Frisby USB 2.0 Computer PC
Laptop Noteb… URL848 RT @USER2013: overthinking <<< @USER2633 lmao lufas
actually speed up the process Officials: 2 plane tires blow out on landing in
Pennsylvania URL1458 I miss the Boondocks. #finance #jobs Office Administrator -
Occupational Health: Liaison with the finance and marketing... URL925
#Cheltenham RT @USER2483: So we need: 1) A Prime Minister 2) An Opposition
Leader 3) An England manager 4) A UKIP leader 5) A Top Gear host 6) A n…
@USER158 yup! We coming through there in a few. I RT @USER2009: I noticed her
and she's very nice. What a great person. May Allah take care of you, nofa To
everyone who read this tweet; sen… Super proud of my jr musical theatre "Seuss"
who Won GOLD and Outstanding last night!!! They… URL1293 RT @USER921: Not sure I
ever posted this one... Photo by me URL635 RT @USER1129: Jets wrap up practice
with a sloppy red-zone period. Two QBs, eight pass plays, only two completions.
URL1308… You streaming soon? @USER1382 my baby daddy is just 😍😍😍 I liked a
@USER1490 video from @USER1739 URL1400 Molten Aluminum vs Bullets @USER2094
hahahaha that's really funny 😂😂 RT @USER1606: I prefer keeping certain things to
myself sometimes. RT @USER1315: I got that fire ass bud URL1532 RT @USER1308:
#MSR can you think of better way to spend your birthday than riding 291km? 😆
Happy Birthday @USER1259! URL598… Check out review of the FitWood M-ROLL Foam
Roller URL1457 via @USER296 Congratulations Chris Ycaza! URL331 Participate in
Papa Murphy’s Survey to get your hands on free pizza URL613 URL1155 RT
@USER2028: A true friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your
future, and accepts you today just the way you are. @USER970 money in the bank,
pimping ain't easy... URL375 okay i gotta go wait for the bus ill spam later RT
@USER180: Poll: Majority of Dems Say Socialism Has A “Positive Impact” On
Society…. URL303 URL1392 On 09/05/16 at 05:30 the river level was 7.03mAOD. More
info URL1191 RT @USER1182: We spend so much time growing up we forget they are
growing old URL1522 What it takes to make the team in all-girls tug-of-war
URL841 URL1091 RT @USER1491: If she can act like you don't exist ... She ain't
for you 😴 RT @USER517: So attractive when a guy can deal w/ my sassy,
complicated attitude 😻 where do the good boys go to hide away🎧 RT @USER1984:
Shit this is hard 😫 URL1495 BETBRIGHT-Get a £30 FREE matched bet don't miss out
JOIN HERE TODAY URL1045 URL554 rowing into DM like URL860 RT @USER2332: Like if
you would wear these Bomber Jacket 😍 On Sale At URL304 Free Shipping Worldwide 📦
URL224… "Is it human" or "do you know who is the father" also frowned upon in
some circles. URL1420 RT @USER1307: Regardless of what he wants to create. WE
HOPE KEEM COMEBACK! #WeWantKEEM RT @USER1467: .@USER2467 @USER2401 I will not
argue no matter what. But you keep changing your position, so I have to keep
makin… @USER1498 thanks Friend😊 have DM'd u back RT @USER1088: Peshmerga repels
ISIS attack on Daquq frontline (Kurdishglobe) URL1192 THIRD, SCREAMSINGG FOR ALL
ETERINGITY URL273 📹 eclectic6969: Sean and Shane share a hole URL1487 @USER656
is the sky blue?😎 RT @USER307: Is Kara's coworker and friend a terrorist?! Find
out in THE ADVENTURES OF SUPERGIRL #4: URL1083 URL225… @USER309 wait, it is? I
got one in the mail yesterday. Laurel Burch Fantastic Felines coffee mug via
eBay URL1566 URL865 I honestly would like to see her solo career in the future
after SNSD more than Taeyeons RT @USER1536: I like talking stuff out , not
arguing 😐 RT @USER653: 13. Are You That Somebody - Aaliyah Rest In Paradise
Princess URL1096 RT @USER2246: Infuse chicken with enough flavor - and you win
at dinner! #recipe #nomnom URL1041 Wow! Thank you for the support! #VoteMaineFPP
#KCA URL1140 "@USER1541: '16 URL468" not showing beer 🍺😉 RT @USER2616: Care less
and you'll stress less. @USER2413 oh mannn i shoulda gone :( @USER214 better
safe than sorry. 😂 RT @USER1694: #growingupinutah everybody thinks they're a
model and everybody thinks they're a photographer. Newly wedding @USER697 🍊🐰😇🐝
RT @USER432: fuck cod fuck wager kids fuck heatwave i quit URL1391 RT @USER874:
CAN WE TALK ABOUT HIS TRASNFOMRATION URL827 RT @USER105: So instagrams
different, I guess nothing lasts forever, nothing stays the same RT @USER128:
Husky and golden retriever mix.. i want it URL726 My work ethic is strong. Once
I put the phone down or get out of bed @USER1832 DAMN U RIGHT 😘😘 Feeling like a
waste to life isn't the best feeling RT @USER1180: #Morning all how we doing? We
all had a good weekend? Any big winners? Who is in for a great day of betting
again? RT @USER1221: Huntsman Fade Giveaway Follow @USER1221 & @USER219 to enter
the giveaway. Retweet + Like Ends in 72 hours. URL224… RT @USER2370: Please,
@USER998, bring Pokemon GO to Brazil: URL503 #POKEMONGONOBRASILHOJE (RT pra
carta chegar na @USER956… RT @USER512: The glowsticks were a huge success! Thank
you to everyone who took part - it looked incredible. URL1637 @USER110 "Really?
Well, thank you.." *He replied, nuzzling his head.* "Same to you.' eating
healthy URL700 When my dad calls an tells me too pick up some beer, yea dad
lemme get on that I aint even 21 😂 #KanyeWest #Adidas #Yeezy Boost 750 grey/gum
100% authentic size 10.5 URL1116 #Boost RT @USER2250: Liza Soberano, we need
you! Pls join and be our next Miss Universe! @USER2173 pag naka-1M RT to Liza,
sumali ka ha! 😂😂😂 RT @USER2440: If Blac Chyna is really pregnant with twins this
is MAGIC. Pettiness doesn't come this perfectly. 321 [IR] ICEMOON [ABSTRACT]
URL435 ° @USER1827 ° #Dubstep #TrapMusic #DnB #EDM #Dance #Icestep … URL1174
love my body but it's frustrating going to stores n everything is too small
Change your life in 62 minutes. You're guaranteed to succeed with this one @
URL808 URL1482 My Teen Choice for #ChoiceMusicGroupMale is #SuperJunior My
#TeenChoice nominee for #ChoiceFandom is #ELF 289 RT @USER2321: his laughter is
everything ♡ URL758 @USER2584 since last night I have been pokeballess 💔 but I
have like 50 now lmao How all Youtube livestreams go: Is it working? omg, let me
make sure if it's working. Can you hear me?.... RT @USER2122: who let hunk watch
the human centipede URL1143 Wheelchair consummate cockpit lifts remedial of park
partnered with rattler modifiability: zUkSG RT @USER1444: Who's got the best
demons? We're really gonna need to start a Yelp for demons. @USER1128 Yep,
sounds like typical rated games. <TWEET to vote for Lady Gaga. #iHeartAwards
#LadyGaga #TripleThreat VOTA NA GAGA RT @USER1750: I'll be the BIGGEST PIECE OF
💩. But ima ride for my Homies regardless. KYRIE is probably one of the only good
guys left. ID… RT @USER177: Look forward to catching up at the @USER118 show.
Our team can take you through all aspects of B2B marketing fr… RT @USER753:
#SummerTwitterLit Part 7 URL254 #bbcdp UKIP’s only councillor in Wales resigns
in epic letter slamming Farage’s “political cronyism” URL794 via @USER2361
Canadian Food: 8 Delicious Dishes You Have to Try: Here's a list of the 8 most
popular Canadian foods, from poutine and butter tart t... But the new snapchat
though👎🏽💔😓 RT @USER2566: The DNC is now collection #BernieSanders signs inside
#DemsInPhilly trying to silence protesters #DNCleak #DNCinPHL URL218… Romania
set of revenues Didactic 1 Stempelmarken URL1251 URL1383 @USER1376 Sorry to hear
you are a bit warm - Which train are you on? Can you provide the 5 digit
carriage no. above gangway doors? GE RT @USER989: sunny afternoon in London...
Love it 😍 @USER1056 I will still post on the same soundcloud ill just put
„TRILLPHILL - Song Name Here“ RT @USER1850: Got bored, here's a workout URL1137
The most heartbreaking feeling is finding out people that you care about and
would do anything for really don't give a damn about you @USER568 wats up wit
that card you trying set up for ur league...is it going happen? RT @USER302:
When in #Paphos, #Cyprus don't forget to explore its amazing #history! @USER1629
@USER1397 @USER2178 htt… RT @USER1460: adeus Brasil!!! Thanks to all the many
wonderful people I met and made me feel at home!!! Beijos!!🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷 RT
@USER1744: Missing someone's presence or attention is fucking the worst feeling
ever Listening now @USER1603 437 @USER477 yesterday episode !! Gooooo !!!
#TranceFamily #FSOE437 RT @USER1522: Summer for college kids is basically seeing
how much money you can rack up and trying to get back in shape all within 3…
Let's talk about sex - baby! Join me URL403 #cocksuck #cocksuckers #porno URL729
Take me back to Canada. :c @USER1747 @USER157 @USER2383 @USER1580 Advantage:
Chookie RT @USER2101: dinner with papaw tonight...❤️ he made 12 burgers for all
6 grandkids and I'm the only one who showed. 😢 love him URL217… RT @USER2194:
The child who understands what they are reading will be more motivated to keep
reading #LanguageBeforeLiteracy URL222… I'm hiring - C++ Developer in Atlanta,
GA URL1626 #job @USER658 your lucky. My kid & I are going down to Sufers (Gold
Coast) on 19 Aug, making our own long wkend. 😀 This cold or whatever I have
keeps getting worse and worse everyday 😞 RT @USER464: Choose your friends wisely
not everybody has good intentions for you.. #Truth @USER387 anyway you can spare
me a code! been playing since the 90's RT @USER116: His reaction when he finally
broke the glass is just priceless URL134 Craig says his concern is less about
drivers, more about utilities. RT @USER231: First 2017 Acura NSX Goes for $one
Million Over Sticker... - URL1223 URL1324 Our focus as a leader should be to
build *big people. Big people will handle big *issues effectively ~ john Maxwell
RT @USER2124: Your own "bros" be having crushes on your girl.😬 guest: DJ Flava -
Different Mind Show URL799 #nowplaying #listenlive Screen time advice for a new
generation of 'digital' parents by Livingstone_S & @USER72 URL771 via @USER768
Thanks aaron. A pity @USER2517 couldn’t tell me that. #shoddy URL1444 RT
@USER1799: How To Do Business In A Social Era #socialmedia URL1047 i'm not a
hint taker, talk to me @USER2306 heree RT @USER602: Never stop adventuring
URL1171 RT @USER271: Here's a talented LB the Hogs offered today. He definitely
looks like a good fit for Razorback Nation 👌 #WPS 🐗 URL217… In telegraphy the
transmitter is the useful information by using proper process? @USER346 Glad you
like them ill have them in all different colors soon still can't figure out the
anemone issue hope to find a ans soon RT @USER1316: This is so cute 😍 URL1099
@USER1386 I don't think so. Kane is very good but Sturridge is better. He was
amazing this year considering he was injured for half of it @USER2653 @USER2605
@USER1490 is it official? Listening to R. Anthony - All Is Well @USER1219 RT
@USER1063: As we say goodbye to Taylor Swift for a while, let's take a look at
her amazing achievements from the '1989' era. URL223… RT @USER1891: I want you
today, tomorrow, next week, and for the rest of my life. 5 College Football
Programs That May Be the Next Boise State URL924 RT @USER2536: "jason mccann,
your girlfriend is waiting for you, you have 10 minutes" URL152 RT @USER1937: I
think this is one of my fave @USER1587 post. Hindi maitago yung kilig eh.
#ALDUB9thMonthsary URL815 Parole for Anti-Apartheid Hero’s Killer? Victim’s
Family Says ‘No!’: (URL258) — The wife of a… URL1121 RT @USER778: If you "broke"
from paying bills.....you ain't broke. You good. RT @USER2621: 160218 Kris Wu Yi
Fan for issue 241 Grazia 7th year anniversary Legs... >->o URL1285 @USER27
@USER675 yeah I think so but you know how certain shit go yaaah I ain't with all
that other shit Our Hyun-Jin Ryu is in another castle URL1574 OFFER: laptop case
new (Woodseaves) URL786 RT @USER1474: Finals start tomorrow, good luck sisters 💕
there's always someone that believes in you! URL1561 RT @USER2281: dont act like
this mv didnt make you cry !! bitch this song too FT island make me feel so deep
!! revive this !! URL224… RT @USER1363: @USER1277 no we really aren't ahaha also
I only take your nourishment ahaha it's the healthiest bc it's all natural ah… I
can do all things because of Christ who strengthens me. Php.4.13 RT @USER1730: I
can't do school anymore oh my lord RT @USER1688: We will back the Men in Blue
till the very end for the #T20WorldCup! Show your support in the comments below.
URL224… @USER32 @USER2529 doneeee RT @USER626: Sticky Thai Chicken Wings URL1231
RT @USER550: Breaking: Electoral Commission taking Conservative Party to court
for failure to disclose documents and information. #el… RT @USER2054:
Butt-Centric Sex Positions For Women Who Love Doggy-Style-- URL1334 RT
@USER1662: My 5 year old pumpkin pie URL536 And then u get pity attention with
isn't Real Attention™ and it feels fake too. @USER1028 hey boss, sorry I'm
late... My theory is that all thoughts and all prayers of all languages go to
Satan in the mail room #OnlyBinayWinner Only B1NAY URL566 RT @USER2152: (TRANS)
160627 Congratulations Yixing for winning Best Supporting Actor (China Britain
Film Festival) | @USER2153 URL0… Thank You Mom And Dad.. For Everything You
Did... URL803 @USER1024 @USER1467 @USER1151 @USER2658 WRONG >> Article II,
Section 2, Clause 2: "and he shall nominate" SHALL not may. RT @USER2172: My
#TeenChoice vote for #ChoiceAnTEENcipatedMovieActress is @USER92 URL1173
#Deals_us #Cellphones URL592 Fashion Waterproof Shockproof Durable Stand Case
Cover For iPhone 6 … URL1221 I'm using WhatsApp+ by @USER2581 for iOS to add new
features to WhatsApp! URL734 Now i hope im not the only person salty lol RT
@USER1084: #Philly June 23-25 come see @USER418 and I on our feature Dance debut
together ONLY at @USER1054 URL390… RT @USER2504: white&black URL363 RT
@USER1164: Two girls play on a slide on the second day of integrated classes at
Thomas J. Semmes school in New Orleans, 1962. htt… cube box URL1480 Don't
consume food with extreme temperatures such as a bowl of ice-cream & hot tea in
the same meal. RT @USER240: please watch till the end 😂😂 URL706 📷 edcapitola:
Follow me at URL515 URL563 RT @USER743: @USER184 thanks for front page news
Saturday in @USER1390 & coverage in @USER1357 too. All our kids! #Autism… Is he
holding up his #MIDDLE #FINGER #BIRD again? That is no #EAGLEPRIDE #EAGLESCOUT
#SIGN! URL1002 #1Dreamboy2FF why is Niall naked whenever we kiss Oops I cared
too much again. My b RT @USER452: Santander UK introduces a mobile payment app
for its staff to transfer money built on the #Blockchain URL1416 RT @USER185: Be
strong, things will get better. @USER869 "It's okay..." He sighed and hugged
back. "Friendly hug." Alex Guarnaschelli Blogs: The Best Method for Cleaning
Your Cast Iron Skillet: URL661 RT @USER2397: oh my god... oh my god... I'm so
emotional URL1599 Defense to make case in the trial for officer in Gray death
URL530 RT @USER2239: Watch the new trailer for #MikeAndDave Need Wedding Dates
now! In theaters July 8. URL499 @USER1181 this is a hella cool idea, wish i was
in LA @USER2307.I registered,but can't upload CV.please what's the way
out..olapad2013@gmail.com.thanks @USER572 @USER2527 @USER1492 @USER2015 Problem
is how we RELATE to guns, drugs, etc more than the items themselves. "Reading is
to the mind what exercise is to the body." - Richard Steele How to watch WWDC
2016 Live on Windows, Android & Apple devices URL711 #Apple #WWDC #Windows
#Android #iOS10 The pressure of having to get 100% in this exam is killing me 😫
#Pressure #LifeOfaStudentNurse RT @USER2139: @USER43 Ms Irma, you're one of the
best actresses in the Philippines. Thanks for loving Maine & Alden.
#ALDUBTouchOfLove RT @USER977: An emotional journey from working at a
call-centre, to CERN and award-winning AI research URL1182 URL221… RT @USER1738:
My favorite people at today's #CrainsWON event! Thank you so much Spark
Ambassadors! I'm thrilled to have you here. URL219… and who take due care of
their Prayer: [ Al-Maarij,34 ] URL1128 RT @USER2080: When BIGHIT release Young
Forever: URL1156 RT @USER567: 10 Worst Feelings: Cheated on Over thinking Lied
to Heart broken Not cared for Losing Scared Assuming Nervous Letting go. #NP'
Calabar girl friend, by @USER1894, inside #satideparipa with @USER385, @USER1229
& @USER2084 on @USER1459 . RT @USER5: When you wake someone in up in Ramadan and
they sit at the table for 5 minutes wondering what's going on 😂 URL714… RT
@USER729: Instead she implied we should be grateful for her even attending as
the festival wasn't even paying her the normal rate she g… RT @USER978: #NVTHotS
vs. @USER268 in the semifinals! Battle of the NA powerhouses. WATCH: URL1106
#OurFight URL221… @USER1849 can you check me out! Lemme know what you think. 3
A.M by Jaytezz URL1519 on #SoundCloud👾🎷🎨 RT @USER2037: Your messages are the
nicest things I get so happy reading them! Severe Thunderstorm Warning for
Dickinson County in KS until 10:00pm CDT. #kswx CARVIN BX250 250W Micro Bass
Guitar Amp Amplifier Head / Compressor 3.2lbs NEW URL1319 URL859 USA 1-0
Paraguay: Clint Dempsey sends hosts into Copa America quarterfinals: A goal from
the Seattle Sounders... URL1401 RT @USER336: Please read.this is of utmost
importance. URL638 Starting Today, It Will Be Possible To Import Some Of Your
Steam Games Into Your GOG Library URL543 RT @USER606: Girls remember this URL528
RT @USER835: I'm seeing drake live, no if ands or buts URL1321 Kills me I won't
be seeing this tomorrow in Tupelo 😭 @USER427 URL1274 URL1261 RT @USER2521: still
not over this 😩😍 URL1228 Beneficial Anxiety Tips That Will Get You Back On Your
Feet - URL858 Pre-Colord 3D Puzzles Shark #teachers #homeschool URL1148 URL1149
Hard to stop an army URL1639 @USER1332 When u realize Hillary belongs in
jail-Warren isnt Native American-& U cant keep your plan w/Obamacare URL1508 RT
@USER1284: @USER2280 //Nope haha. Can't think of one tho! RT @USER1187: "Women
just don't understand the rules of professional sports." URL449 RT @USER1884:
this URL1058 @USER362 @USER1816 goals RT @USER531: Truth URL594 What is truman's
Twitter? RT @USER2356: Sooyoung came to tiff's agit con soofanybis sailing yall
I proudly subscribe to the religion of Acoustic Bieber. #Grammys Really tired of
feeling like I'm walking on eggshells around everyone all the time. RT
@USER2532: middle school back then vs middle school now URL1343 Samsung Galaxy
S6 and S6 Edge Update Available with Fixes and Improvements - Neurogadget URL412
RT @USER952: Jam-packed agad! Solid fam is patiently waiting for our parents 💪💜
-æ #ThisTimePremiereNight URL593 RT @USER1842: Apple Music recommended Kyu's The
Day We Felt The Distance as a song that will warm me up in winter XDD URL668…
you're so bad to me. A wordy dird, but yay for unity and common ground
#pokemongo URL382 RT @USER1913: Me trying to find the motivation to finish this
semester: URL1502 RT @USER2523: #CSGOgiveaway StatTrak Karambit RT+Like+Follow
@USER2523 + @USER250 Enter Here: URL863 URL219… RT @USER1410: What do these
Kenyan girls do when they don't have transportation to school? They bike. URL487
via @USER1925… RT @USER1167: When a girl says "why would i be jealous?" But
she's actually like URL347 DLL Analyzer 1.390 URL1375 #browser #tools URL620 The
plants will be considered a palm tree btw 😂 RT @USER1796: Today be your best!
#mondaymotivation @USER1083 @USER2417 @USER1974 @USER791 @USER2146 @USER605
URL221… RT @USER2376: Best thing I've ever seen today 😂 URL1189 and..... "Its a
goodnight from him" R.I.P URL1109 RT @USER2319: #growingupsensitive why you
crying?? *cries more* #LindaIkeji post - Wendy Williams thinks Beyonce and Jay Z
paid Rachel Roy for the cheating… URL229 URL1196 This #Christmas support a band
that supports our #Military and #Veterans. Visit URL226 #PJNET #RedNationRising
#tcot RT @USER2300: @USER530 Congratulations Pita Ji 🙏 Thanks for the Blessings
Papa Ji 🙏 #300DaysOfMSG2 RT @USER1355: [TIFFACHAT]stephanieyoungh 'Talk 🎵'
URL628 RT @USER1701: FT ISLAND - I Hope (2009) URL1510 @USER1321 @USER2526
Probably. He isn't a nice person. <3 RT @USER1920: @USER1260 @USER2624 it's
shiny NTRL You have that right ,nor do they intend to hold hearings on
legitimate business! They all need to be replaced! URL1177 RT @USER364: Donald
Trump is the Clear Winner that will beat Hillary. GOP it's time to Unite.:
URL353 via @USER1490 RT @USER2362: Farmall Heart Of The Holidays Tabletop
Christmas Tree With Lights And Motion URL1087 #Holiday #Gifts #Volunteers are
key members of #CHEO’s One Team – helping kids and families be their healthiest
#NVW2016 URL1387 @USER2092 isn't it funny how that always seems to work RT
@USER80: Silence is better than lies. I just spent twenty minutes trying to
figure out how my sister's TV works... RT @USER619: #IRAN- #Syria: #No2Rouhani
Rally in #Austria URL289 @USER2011 @USER18 @USER1276 URL219… RT @USER1614:
Steenhuisen: It's grotesque to compare the work of MPs that we do diligently
with actions of Zuma. He wants to junk SA bu… RT @USER2324: My friend is okay.
Turns out he was only confronted by the shooter before he went in and started
shooting. Very scary. #Orlando RT @USER604: 11 Ways #Iceland Is "Cool" 😎 URL1312
URL549 Smartphone health: Apple releases software for medical apps: Apple is
edging its way a little further into he... URL900 RT @USER2208: I’m honestly
pretty good at keeping secrets bc five minutes later I forget what you told me
because I don’t care #News: Three suspects remanded over Istanbul attack:
report: Three suspects held over an attack in Istanb... URL1374 #TU RT
@USER1036: “It's always good to be in contention at a major championship." A
repeat isn't out of the question for Jason Day. URL223… Funny Tweets & Social
Media Examples From 17 Real Brands: There are quite a few factors that go int...
URL1260 RT @USER1863: LeBron led all Finals players in ... Points Rebounds
Assists Steals Blocks First player in ANY series to do that. URL225… @USER323
it's okay and I love it. 😍 RT @USER1080: *RETWEET TO WIN* Valentines Dinner for
2 on 14.02.16 in our Restaurant! Winner to be announced @ 6pm on 10.02.16
URL220… RT @USER819: the restrooms at the union league are nice i wanna live in
the urinals URL1493 RT @USER428: Real R&B URL143 RT @USER1648: We all sin. The
best of us are those who repent. Let us turn to Allah with repentance. RT
@USER1200: #ShawnWorldTour dates & presale info are live now at URL1501 URL1357
RT @USER2249: RT URL1167 Ultimately,this is far more than a story of pain and
loss." 5 stars! A WOUNDED WORLD #IARTG #BYNR… RT @USER765: People make mistakes
if you love them you understand people learn from mistakes but one You can't
condone is cheating. Happy Birthday Bae @USER1523 😘 @USER925 that is worrying.
Can you try another ATM as others are working. Please accept my apologies for
the inconvenience caused. RT @USER2237: #wfas2016 @USER1791 is kicking off the
workshop, starting your first 100 days #hranalytics URL1447 This is why I love
him! URL1100 RT @USER1208: Good morning, baby. I dreamt about you last night, my
love. ..he copied and pasted into three full scrolls worth of DMs. 10 Wheel Lug
Stud (Dorman #610-365) URL886 URL935 RT @USER1564: from "hey lets take a picture
because i know you from twitter" to "hey best friend come here" URL1431 I
haven't posted anything in almost a year so, heyy. 😂🐶 URL608 almost like this
was done for show and mockery on both govs part. RT @USER2041: @USER70 happy
birthday man! Let's hit up the gym sometime There 😂 URL1059 RT @USER2539: Some
will say entrepreneurship, some will say work for someone Some will say work
first before you start Truth: do wha… Some people don't like telling the truth,
others don't like hearing it. RT @USER1157: Happy Birthday @USER660! URL1209
@USER2046 further you do the Swedish Social Security reform of 1990: semi-fully
funded (Automatic Balancer), semi-privatized @USER2242 @USER317 we sure did.
Came out, and said it wasn't bad enough, despite the fact we saw sparking. Wish
I was in a #groundtosky zone. RT @USER1803: @USER2065 oh,hey THANKS jerk!
remember! if ur in htown or visiting this weekend,we are headed to the drag show
@ 2020! join us! RT @USER1: @USER992 when you are constantly interrupted by
@USER513 tonight,as you will be, PLEASE ask him why he is so FEAR… RT @USER712:
😂😂😂 She rang me in a panic,mother does not have a clue about snapchat filters 😩
URL250 
