TC: Facebook’s timeline is changing again, now prioritises sites you’ll actually
read URL445 RT @USER1836: @USER1373 @USER182 At a minimum, these findings are
enough to strip her security clearance...DISQUALIFYING HER TO BE… 1 WEEK TO GO!
@USER2559 full weekend tickets have almost gone, grab yours today URL704 URL421
RT @USER2333: Red Lobster definitely choppered the board in from their beach
houses for an emergency meeting about this URL953… RT @USER2490: When I see a
damn Daniel meme on my tl URL1559 This fire is getting out of hand we might get
evacuated. Prayers to the firefighters 🚒 URL906 !!!!!"@USER505: #YourSexIsWEAK
If I fall asleep during it...Nigga get off me!!!!!!!" "It is an honor for a man
to cease from strife…"(Proverbs 20:3, AMP) "Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein. [URL122] #tech
#beupdate "The Playbook" FUNNIEST EPISODE EVERRRR hahahahah #COUVERTURENOIRE
(Black Cover) Fiction&NonFiction Stories Collection | Indonesian | Rp 33.700,- |
URL125 URL110 #StopKony I've read about it. #Supporting #np i hate this
part--pussycat dolls <3 'Let me not reflect on the old shit. On to mah new act.
On to the new script.' **NEW MIXTAPE "WELCOME TO THE A" @USER1597 on @USER347
URL22 :'-D face that grinds RT @USER1122: Ladies- @USER2586 gives ruff-rider
head. @USER42 he STAY drinkin it. He be burpin nshit lmao @USER145 eh, idk...I
think I could do it, but to actually GET there, u hafta be a groupie..unless
leBron walks through my front door @USER163 haha,r u from
Slovenia,Croatia,Serbia? @USER173 NASCAR Raceday - Bud Shootout, Saturday, Feb.
12th at 6:30p ET on SPEED! #nascar #cup @USER310 @USER176 you already @USER235
Hahaha! That's just what my sister was saying to me like, two days ago. They're
pointless! Blow to where? Why have them? LOL! @USER236 Clinton is the reason for
financial mess. All this "Bad Credit OK" started when he was in office. @USER331
okaay , @USER553 Bryan and I saw you on TV! @USER603 Beautiful view. Thanks for
sharing! @USER625 haha night me 2 @USER632 SMH!!! You will NEVER learn!!! LOL...
@USER711: I'm not insulted, at all, trust me. I'm seeking to understand you &
your video. :) @USER722 haha! I seriously can't wait for May! Damn, its gonna be
fun! @USER772 i can't login with nus's application no, don't know y. When i
login with ntu's, nvr c nus's offer. Looks like nus nvr accept me :/ @USER841
She whispered don't you have a place to go? Why are you even in California?
@USER870 im 16 and i love makeup. i want to start a twitter account with my art
and tutorials. how do i get started? @USER953 damn sis! lol u bold as hell for
dat! @USER1070 what bit are you on atm @USER1095 All the more reason to move to
CA! Humidity is virtually nonexistent! @USER1097 I'm here are the game! But not
with the tickets from your brother. Lol @USER1133 lmaoo ohhh yea he the one that
came to the car gbr! nd she like I'm rena w the "e" @USER1174 ah that's Ace man,
you'll have to stick around after you play live@USER2157, gonna be such a good
night : ) @USER1190 I do now. I play @USER900 hard in nyc @USER1194 better late
than never right? thats what they say @USER1203 Lmao oh ok i was like where is
she at @USER1216 somebody broke ya gshock?!? Oh naw! I am completely offended!
-_- @USER1303 Yup, 63 - 53... @USER1333 awesome...I'm still workin on the
website @USER1334 if u can't beat em join em. Lol @USER1380 Like I said "got me
fucked up" that ain't true about em all @USER1405 exactly ugh @USER1417 awh
shit! my po babie... you good now?! @USER1454 they not using IDs! Its a classic,
gotta buy ticket =( @USER1481 @USER1922 @USER971 @USER1251 @USER460 FOLLOWED
BACK (: @USER1507 just not my cup of tea @USER1590 I tear up every time I hear
that one. Reminds me of my niece who is my world <3 @USER1592 Donald Rumsfeld.
Look what that did to the world. @USER1641 yeah that was the funniest thing that
@USER1772 has ever said @USER1660 haha I didn't see that response before the
direct message and thought it was public. Fail ;( but haha okayy! @USER1673 lol.
Awe @USER1725 thanks darling. I don't even wear red bottoms because heels too
high and I'm already tall but those I needed to have. @USER1881 you did the same
for us by singing to us love @USER1887 dye our tanyas hair plz!? @USER1940
tinkerbell IS a good movie but from $1 rental to $32 buy? No thanks. They are
"researching" @USER1997 lol ok @USER2063 hey easy on my dude Bron Bron. its
early u kno better... @USER2071 GURRRL HE WON'T BE ABLE TO HELP. ~RUHYPNOL
@USER2082 good night <3 I Love You :) @USER2119 I have a few All-star weekend
tix left 4 Dwight Howard's party on Sat. Visit URL206 2 buy'em @USER2149 When
you going next? :) Xxxx @USER2345 awesome can't wait to hear about it! @USER2389
and I just came to a conclusion that... #topsecret @USER2396 OK. Tomorrow you
take the 5.30 shift. I'll get up at 7 for some ruthless editing. @USER2494 dont
expect any prominant dems like Rham E to be on stand my guess O told blago take
the fall & I will pardon jan 1 @USER2525 Amen, Hallelujah thank You Jesus! :)
Audio: WARREN G FT NATE DOGG-REGULATE URL187 Ayeee, fuck you. Backed RT
@USER2148: @USER1269 'Pedestals' will never get old. If you haven't yet, GET THE
FUCK INTO IT! Big East CEOs OK commish to pursue expansion: The presidents and
chancellors of the 14 remaining Big East member... URL141 Bizzy launch event (@
Roger Smith Hotel w/ @USER2040 @USER1709 @USER1857 @USER2099 @USER1798
@USER1819) URL7 CFA Risk Mgmt.- Corporate Governance of Asian Companies URL27
Celtics 1-0 Heat 0-1 now tht is how you start off the season :) Chillin living
life Did a lil cleaning Around the house. Took a nice HOT shower Now about to
chill on here for about 15/30 minutes who knows Eight Girls Pull Best Yearbook
Prank Ever URL123 FINN IS SLOWLY KILLING ME AH YAWAA Family Feud Decades trophy
list URL113 Follow us on:: By Gregg Keizer, Computerworld A Windows developer,
upset at the likely demise of Windows Live Wr... URL165 Good posture can help
avoid back problems - so sit up straight. You might also try restorative
exercises. URL90 Goodmorning :) Got work to do but u betta believe I'm tuning in
to this game! Guanabee | Zapata Beer Will Revolutionize The Way You Stop ...
URL178 HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USER1890 from me & @USER2462 i love you baby
brother  20 x Had 3 cans of Pepsi! I was thirst af Had nightmare where I was
trying to get to a final exam but somehow got trapped in a game show Haha the
lady in the library just said " i love your last name" I always wonder why she
always called me by it Hapy b'day purple egg ^^ @USER495 Having a good laugh on
my m Cc: @USER558 Having consistently aged daily for many years, I am finding
that my curmudgeonly traits are becoming more prevalent. Hey sexy love...how are
u? How I describe the perfect couple: Actor, Tall, Singer, Awkward, Streisand
Worshiper, Canadian, New Yorker, Drummer, Person How To Lose Weight Quick After
Pregnancy URL166 I'm mad he wants some of my eggrolls I just spent $2.50 on them
I've been singing a new tune a long time ago you just weren't listening...now
maybe you'll pay better attention I don't get it can ppl not smell themselves I
hate MSU!! Hawwwwwwwks!! I just took "(ALL PARTS!) You're an absolutely normal
girl and one day you saw Jazmyn Bi..." and got: Part 6! ! Try it: URL23 I just
took "ALL PARTS SO FAR TO: U Have An A..." and got: part 7 - You Can't Always
Get What You Want ! Try it: URL176 I liked a YouTube video -- Xbox Kinect
FAIL!!! (original) URL215 I want. I need. RT @USER119: As refreshing as Gatorade
but much better. Mags '09 Lapierre BTG URL200 I wonder how much isit original
vans t-shirt $42 when there's a sale?? $20? :D IKR! RT"@USER1494: "Battery too
low for radio use" Ok great, so why are you still on?" Iight so how's every one
Im prepared, but wait for eran's RT @USER2145 finally done with my outline.. the
rest it's your turn gaes @USER2610 n @USER1572 :) In & out in less than a half
hour, thank you Jesus ! Instant Business Letter Kit.: Comprehensive Business
Letter-writing How To Style Manual, With Over... URL40 #business #money It's
Been Coldd:/ iGuess It's Better Than Beingg Hot Tho. Where Do Yuhh Live At?
@USER1961 Its feeling like a second chance, and its the first impression. Iyaz
is an ugly mofuhka. Lol iv seen him super up close.#randomthought James Bond’s
Famous Aston DB5 to be Joined by ‘Die Another Day’ Jaguar XKR and More URL62
James Cameron confirms next projects will be P̶o̶c̶a̶h̶o̶n̶t̶a̶s̶ AVATAR 2+3,
with release dates of December 2014... URL66 Jax baby.. LMFAO !!!!!! damn , that
had to be the laugh of the morning Lmao RT @USER924: RT @USER1846: That
cheerleader was not attractive..lmao<<you would hit tho!! Lol Lmfaooooooo!!!!! I
am so done with u!!!!!! RT @USER1201: @USER829 no Pad Thai u need breast
implants!!!! Lmao Lol, this kid... Love you too Ariane <3 n_n Man, Heat need
Tahj on the court. Mi nexted tatt RT @USER2457 "see" no evil "hear" no evil
"speak" no evil Nice to who? RT @USER2448: @USER2245 you know @USER780 rode the
bus with us. She was witness to me being nice on the bus. O RT @USER441: L RT
@USER1482: Doesn't look like any QT tonight. 4 days 7 hrs and 11mins 😔 OK, East
Haven: There are 9 contenders for the Academy Award in the Best Picture
category. What's your pick? URL126 OOHHHH that was sssoooo good!!1st bath since
May lol :) Oh don't get it twisted, imma a big boy with swagg & much jokes! I go
in on a Goober quickly!! Lol Oh god who is this and why did he follow me? I'm
not funny or anything like that Perogies at PYT! Bacon Cheeseburger Perogies?
YUP. Pumpkin Perogies w/ brown sugar & ice cream? YUP. URL83 (via @USER2555)
Photo: mfw the SOMEBODY shows up a day early to your meeting, blames you for his
scheduling error, and then... URL188 Photo: thosefourrightchords: URL184
Pictures of me turn me on, is that wrong. ? Punkin I carved in 1st period. (:
URL162 Quality time wif my bestmate @USER1004 @USER1924 ♥ URL80 RT @USER8 RT
@USER2534: RT @USER8 @USER2534 me to shid : WHAT CHU END UP GOIN WIT.... SWINE
MY (cont) URL180 RT @USER38 #imsoMoCity .... RT @USER1075: Freestylin tha whole
Mo City Don Freestyle with Ro... RT @USER113: I don't need no hoes, bitches,
niggas, freaks, sidelines, as long as I got Y O U <3 RT @USER133: RT @USER545:
This election is too important. #dontwait until it’s too late. URL11 #nvsen RT
@USER204: Thugs don't say that shit cray.... Thugs say That's so Raven RT
@USER267: @USER1686 Same. Itd go like this: Random Chick: I love RDJ! Me: No you
don't. Random Chick: Yeah, I do. Me: NO, YO ... RT @USER275: Black List 2011:
The Top 10 hottest scripts in Hollywood URL157 RT @USER640: #BieberFact
1793:"pretty soon it's just gonna affect everyone. Everyone in the world is
gonna have Bieber Fever" - J ... RT @USER644: Lil B verse on Sorry 4 The Wait
mixtape #WorstRapLineEver RT @USER651: Who's ever smoked before they took a test
at school?/ *raises hand & jumps up& down* me,meee RT @USER724: Tyler Ennis and
his broken stick. Can't say it's gunna be as popular as the Gerbe video though
URL145 RT @USER906: In my will, I'm going to demand that one of my friends show
up to the funeral in the Scream costume and not say a word. RT @USER929: Quite,
quite extraordinary #movember effort: URL146 via @USER2571 RT @USER1032: Don't
start when you know in the end you will be the one to say sorry. RT @USER1077:
#ThirstyNiggas: Text you soon as u leave the club asking for some pics.<-of
wat...aha? RT @USER1120: Gas Fitter and Central Heating Engineer Business Plan
RT @USER1239: THANK YOU @USER303 & ONYX FOR MAKING A DIFFERENCE #ATLANTA #AIDS
WALK URL192 RT @USER1285: (516): There are going to be so many Snookis this
Halloween that I might dress as the guy that hit her and punch them all in t ...
RT @USER1356: God is providing water in the desert place! He's getting ready to
wet your life! U ought 2 just bless him for it! RT @USER1966: @USER162
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! Please do me a favor and POST CHAPTER 15. RT @USER1970: Don't
stress the "could haves " if it should have, It would have RT @USER1983:
#cholera #haiti ... And how many lives (and family providers) would have been
saved with faster warning & response. RT @USER2017: Be happy in front of people
who don't like you. It kills them. RT @USER2086: "I do it for my folk who
genuinely want me to win" RT @USER2163: @USER796 get ready for our Wednesday
workout! We are about to go #HAM ! RT @USER2168: 8 days until they #FreeWeezy.
Shoutout #FreeWeezy all day everyday until he's home!!//FREE LIL WAYNE!!! RT
@USER2248: RT @USER209: Blood Makes You Related. Loyalty Makes You Family. RT
@USER2269: Manchester United v Arsenal player ratings | Daniel Taylor URL45 RT
@USER2283: Please pray, unite and learn from what has happened in Indonesia. My
prayers go to the survivors and the loved ones they lost RT @USER2399: @USER2640
Hi. Pls help us RT @USER36 are selling limited edition (cont) URL102 RT
@USER2447: @USER2552 I really enjoy reading or watching him, but I can't just
listen lol RT @USER2537: Also: buy tix for my good buddy @USER345 in @USER532 !
He will be amazing and I will be there cheering along w you! ... RT @USER2587:
JOHN YOU STILL GOT IT BUDDY HOLY CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAP #GLEE RT AMBER ALERT: 15 year
old MI Girl who was Abducted 10.27.10! Look at her and the suspect, do u
recognize them? URL93 Rick Ross b-day party at K.O.D $200 a head.....Im in the
building......... Serge: moe imma mf'n #crank Geo: yo azz ah goofy!!.... Geo and
serge fight fa 2 mins... That be the funniest ever Sergio Ramos calls for end to
Real Madrid 'mole' talk as Iker Casillas is accused of leaking his team-mate's
argument with Jose Mourinho Since football seasons over what should i do... So
I'm hungry and pissed off I have the worse luck ever in the history of luck
Sport Scouting the Bruins-Lightning East finals duel The Lightning and Bruins
have a lot in common -- including two red- URL174 The last retweet was for
@USER897. lol The whistle he had going on... <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< This #CoonShit
right here tho twitpic.com/6s0h5f Tomorrow... Socacize will be on Rogers TV from
10 – 11:30 a.m. If you missed us we'll be back at 3:00 p.m., and midnight Try
cooking chili in it RT @USER938: this wind is serious U old Half dead mufuggah
scared to get the bread mufuggah retweetin everything he/she said mufuggah
#yeahumufuggah UK net economy 'worth billions': A study into how much the
internet contributes to the UK economy says it is a lar... URL16 Uh-oh! RT
@USER292: Time to trim the twitter following tree! Vance Breshears, Jeff Otero
and Cathy Hutchison are speaking at #WFX in Atlanta next week. If you are
planning to be there, let us know! Wah my mum damn stalker sia i need to private
my tweets Wait But Why Tho ? Want To Make $200 Per Day? URL21 ... internet
marketing seminars Watch Mobbed Season 1 Episode 5 Episode 5 No Survey Channel
online HD... URL105 Watch the story unfold about view larger map URL97 Wats that
RT @USER1889: @USER662 Jasmin are you gonna be at the SEMA Show?? Y do I
procastinate sooo much-__- still sitting here doing this damn hw Yall sholl is
quiet!! SPEAK UP lol RT @USER954: @USER898 We Still Here!!....lol You Like
Following Me Huh? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Tell Ya Friends Bless Them With A Follow Today!!
[[#TFB]] #TFR Ytf all these cops out ..damn !! bt I hate bein sick even more
fuck it i faked it hi internet <3 hotels.com Weekly Last Minute Deal! Boston
from $188! Travel by October 31, 2010 URL72 URL35 <--#ICONLOUNGE 257 Trinity
Ave, Downtown Atlanta...Party This Wednesday! RT i really want a pet gremlin
like seriously they are so cute and i promise i wont feed it after midnight?:')
lakers alll day day momma's bringing me food from sakura YEEEE not knowing what
to do <<<<< ok im watchin u baby & thinkin bout all the things that i can do
baby. on top of the world when im on top of u baby. sp… URL78 people are really
scalping wiz khalifa tickets for more than $100 in AZ, shit is fucking ludicrous
really enjoyed the 8th grade class today. Looking forward to the next 6 weeks
with them!!! that bxtch got lippy today at practice. true “@USER1513: A #Virgo
is very irritated by people in general. They need a lot of personal space or
they will treat you with disdain.” we were like " damm who is that .. Shorty bad
! " ctfu your TL.....::: "my boo silly. my boo likes milk. theres no competing
with my boo. Im cookin for my boo. my boo my boo. MY BOO!!!" -__- ดู coffee
prince so cute ☃ “@USER1447: The average human experiences about 70,000 thoughts
a day.”I must be fucking stupid cuz I just think about one thing :\ “@USER1957
Lived In Memphis My Whole Life,And Ian Never Been To Voodoo Village!” @USER2216
@USER1646 yeah "ass music" might be a poor word choice considering... well
y'know. New York News: Audit Faults New York City for Not Using Vacant Lots for
Affordable Housing URL1616 reached a milestone on @USER617: 20 consecutive days
EFFORTS make you feel special. RT @USER1160: How many members were present on
that award function from MSG movie 🎬 Company??? #MSGdedicatesAwardToAllFans For
the record, I called this to be a upset a while ago #MSUvsMTSU RT @USER830: Gee
It Was Only A Matter Of Time! At Only 17 Years Old, Jaden Smith Announces That
He Is. ! URL1279 htt… tweet17 Get 500 Guaranteed #Datpiff Downloads, 3500 views
and 1500 streams to all your mixtapes for only $19.99 URL921 fucking hate liars
This means making the metro counties fund rail instead of the state. Get ready
for a sales tax increase. URL649 @USER590 #AskSuperwomanLIVE u r the best $9.3
Million Cash: Popular Pastor Confirmed In Failed Arms Deal URL439 Met him last
year.. was so awestruck/ star stuck that couldn't photograph him.. and now he is
no more #AmjadSabari #RIPAmjadSabari RT @USER509: This Is What The Olsen Twins
Used To Look Like, But Wait Until You See Them Now URL882 RT @USER1919: Whoops.
URL437 6 Ways To Prepare Your Car For Winter URL693 by @USER2042 He says "igtg"
but two mins lyer he actually a picture of HIS XBOX WTF HAS THIS WORLD COME
TO🤗😂😂😲😲 RT @USER1044: The #PartyWithPatti @USER2268 tees are HERE!!! HUGE thanks
to @USER784 for her winning design. Buy lots! URL218… RT @USER2093: I vote for
#hananeelkhader #tBworld2016 @USER318 @USER1931 URL1233 6ABC: Eagles agree to
5-year deal with defensive end Vinny Curry URL1145 #philly Should The NBA switch
back to a 5-game 1st round? RT @USER1205: Trumps response whenever another
candidate criticizes him URL1122 RT @USER690: we just need a face to face, you
can pick the time & placeeee. URL1549 "Designer Fur Throws" Trending in
Hollywood #Retweet URL1550 RT @USER2618: #4thOfJulySales 2016 – Save 20% OFF
#PhenqCoupon URL404 #4thOfJuly #4thOfJulydeals #PhenQ #Diet htt… I fell into
Eurovision out of pure randomness. The British have a tradition where the
announcers drink on the job. IT'S LIT RT @USER2111: I miss you @USER2130 URL1514
@USER2190 this is happening on government linked tv? In an EU-candidate
state?imagine if the BBC was showing shit like that 😱 its so dangerous RT
@USER1562: Do you want God, or do you want what the gifts He's able to give you?
Applications are invited for the posts of Professors, Associate Professors,
Assistant Professors, Lab Assistants URL1442 Hear the Blistering Beauty of Sound
Sculptor Jefre Cantu-Ledesma on “Love's Refrain”: Love is one of Jefre Ca...
URL1402 Some cool pics from @USER964 of The Scorpion Set. #BlindSpotGear #lights
#lighting #cinematography #filmmaking URL1540 RT @USER2142: There are people all
over the world who love you @USER746. And I can say truly I am in awe of your
bravery. I caught these 2 beauties earlier URL769 RT @USER585: Who else been
clicking "Later" for like the past 2 months 😂 URL1317 RT @USER1867: #Jesus said:
"The ruler of this world is coming, #he_has_no_power_over_me." <> URL562” RT
@USER293: If you come to my race we're pretty much dating RT @USER128: still the
greatest Super Bowl commercial ever URL907 RT @USER1428: Behati Prinsloo is
pregnant, expecting first child with hubby Adam Levine 👶 URL604 Game of Thrones
trailer is out my life begins again All I need in life are an M, 2 A's, 2 K's
and an 1 R RT @USER320: Pics: @USER535, in presence of @USER540, Maktoum bin
Mohammed, receives Managing Director of IMF URL225… RT @USER1268: Love this!
"Loire valley : 18th century Mill - Apartments for Rent in Monts" @USER1579
#Travel URL946 RT @USER899: Sorry the freakish weather knocked out the power
needed to run your blog about #climatechange being a myth. #abstorm #… @USER2109
It's spectacular 😍 YOU LOT! IT'S ACTUALLY COOL- Come we go Dublin as a family!
In #July, URL1624 will be blogging #recipes for summer #drinks that you can make
with #tapwater! URL1370 RT @USER1301: What could be better than Chick-fil-A and
Coding?! T/Y Usher ES and @USER1902 TeachCode @USER256 URL1044… THEYRE SO SMALL
AND CUTE URL336 RT @USER853: Just … come on. That’s straight filth. URL344
@USER2601 let me cop if 7-9.5 A New Batch Of Pluto Science Is Here URL1368
URL881 @USER41 it looks like your ritual worked, I'm about to start lighting up
candles and playing all of Kanye's songs and dance in a circle Most Recently
Searched For Words #propre #lesen #Wasser #propose #irgendwie #tuxedo
#suspension #performance #sauterelle #diaper #Monat #Naß RT @USER1198: 83.7% of
DUI's are committed by WHITES 70.1% of vandalism is committed by WHITES We can
talk about it, but GET YOUR FACTS… RT @USER1685: so cute when someone knows
you're asleep and they text you a long paragraph about how they feel so that's
the first thin… RT @USER645: “Its not true that I had nothing on I had the radio
on” -Marilyn Monroe #quote dummy RT @USER2286: The museum beautifully brings the
past back to life. The books inaugurated today are Granths that will leave a
distinct m… My #TeenChoice nominee for #ChoiceNextBigThing is NCT U 71 RT
@USER1652: The hardest part of working out is starting RT @USER1715: miss gcse
where you could write 'curley's wife has red nails which symbolises danger' and
get an a* @USER1230 @USER624 @USER1117 GHGHHHHHHH ...bugs on my bed bugs on my
gbed RT @USER1291: STRUGGLE IS REAL. LDR IS REAL. #EBHolyTuesday *CTTO* URL1507
RT @USER1424: He the mvp idc idc URL817 RT @USER216: Nor Cal favorite women's
4x100 coming up next URL493 Software Engineer, Android (35998) - Stanford Health
Care: (#PaloAlto, CA) URL1318 #Job #Jobs #Hiring #CareerArc RT @USER79: “Courage
is resistance to fear, mastery of fear – not absence of #fear.” –Albert Einstein
Iranian resistance urges Prime minister Matteo Renzi 2call off his trip 2Tehran
#No2Rouhani & #Khamenei #Iran #Italy URL581 RT @USER485: Y'all ever been mad at
a mf 🙄 but still wanted to talk to them 😂 RT @USER2098: 60) SO CUTE URL1249
Because Islamic countries' citizens thrive on hate. Can't get out of that
seventh century mode Mohammad started.👺 URL1461 Focused on a bigger picture
📷📷📷📷📷 Are y'all ready for "8Sideways "? Click the link in my bio for… URL1306 RT
@USER2251: Traditional music is best for tango but some contempotary songs work
too: Toxic, Shut Up, Cake by the Ocean Delighted to at last see leadership from
our Muslim friends. URL264 I added a video to a @USER1490 playlist URL1460
Castlecomer - Fire Alarm @USER1099 @USER2492 @USER1944 @USER1965 @USER967
@USER220 @USER1640 @USER106 Thanks NaMo for choosing a Gem. Who is excited &
can't wait to find out what we have planned? YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE IT! 😉😘 DETAILS
TONIGHT @ 7pm PST URL1264 RT @USER583: Teens Who Became MILLIONAIRES Without
College Degrees-#4 is SO EASY why didnt I think of it URL1350 URL218… actual
photo of @USER837 URL659 RT @USER1955: I ain't judge u for showing pussy on
snapchat why u bothering me cuz my TV 32 inches? Wht ever, everything comes from
Allah not from all of u gais😉 I need more tattoos RT @USER230: I could do this
all day. #TeamCap URL1166 #NASCAR Fan Up T-Shirt by #GregBiffle #CheckeredFlag
URL502 #NascarHotline This. Is. Wrong. URL1257 RT @USER1399: Text REFORM to
83224 to sign our petition to @USER1332 calling for the elimination of
superdelegates. URL281… Accepting Applications - Manager of Information Security
in Charlotte, NC URL1031 *kid bawling* *shows snapchat filters* Check out
@USER2240 - Back it Up URL1007 URL1449 RT @USER94: #auspol WELL.......HELLO
LADIES HAVE WE MET BEFORE? URL395 RT @USER19: HOW FAST CAN THIS REACH 1K RTS?
CHICKENS DAY #Harmonizers #iHeartAwards #BestFanArmy URL1195 @USER1794 nostalgia
seems preferable to reality. Perhaps our next referendum Get rid of the wheel
Students hit by chemical spray during incident at Detroit Central URL1448 RT
@USER224: No coincidence it was meant to be 💅🏽 RT @USER1342: Murdered out BMW i8
URL915 k i have a matching piece of clothing with someone i know and I'm scared
to wear it in front of them bc i don't want them to get mad idk My beard smells
like fireball...happy 21st indeed @USER81 ...thanks for a helluva night @USER264
#UpDownParty RT @USER453: The Craziest Fan Theories About TV Shows And Movies
I've Ever Seen! URL657 URL1104 Kiss It Better will always be my anthem but Same
Ol Mistakes been tugging at KIB's wig along with Woo! URL1363 Everytime she give
me good head I give her back shots ‼️ I'm losing my sanity here.. I can't no
more. Parag Milk Foods Q4 Flat At Rs 16 Crore; Income Up 20%: Dairy firm Parag
Milk Foods, which recently raised Rs 750 crore through an IP... @USER783 itv
player? Justin Bieber added the caption "📸 shotbykylie" to his recent Instagram
photo. currently listening to a rapping shuga omygod the emotions are so
distinct in his voice RT @USER414: #wwepayback about to blow Chicago up RT
@USER212: Save the Date! The CJUSD District College and Career Fair is Tuesday,
Oct. 4 at the Gonzales Community Center! URL220… Sounds plausible. Where's the
info from? URL1426 RT @USER472: This hit me hard, honestly this is something
everybody should read URL868 Obama: Not just a black issue, an American issue
URL321 RT @USER892: #Brewers Minor League Link Report, Thurs. details: Video,
audio & more for you as we try to erase Jungmann's latest URL220… RT @USER276:
GEORGE BUSH?!?!!!!? URL343 RT @USER1853: At least our value on the laughing
stock market's gone up. URL456 "Ppl say youth is wasted on the young, but I
think wisdom is wasted on the old" That's some really real shit right thuurr
durrty. RT @USER2461: WWE News: The Rock Unlikely To Appear At 'WrestleMania 32'
#WWE #WWE URL504 Birthday Boy Roma Champion URL325 RT @USER1866: Pass on this
Tweet & we could pass savings on to you (no trick plays involved).
#EsuranceSweepstakes #SB50 URL1415… @USER2648 i can saw your voice. Hahaha .
Watch what you say... We don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore We don't talk
anymore like we used to do (and i'm glad) RT @USER185: I want to be that person
who makes you smile out of the blue. Top Bants! // Come hang out // Road to 1K!
@USER1057: URL1621 Giving you the key to my heart, the pw to this stupid ass
phone ... I'm in your world, I live in it 😘 @USER2365 This is me, pretending
that I'm all listening. URL520 I know who and what I want with her..time is of
the essence 👑🔒 Bloody mary URL1027 RT @USER329: @USER2572 This is a good Tweet.
RT @USER1609: RT @USER904 Pull up RT @USER1353: Lemme know if you paying for
Tidal so I can slap the shit outta you RT @USER2354: The latest from @USER647:
The Trump Show URL433 | AP Photo URL918 RT @USER325: If we don't clean up our
act and take care of our earth this will be us in 2035. #EarthDay URL1609
#HappyHumpDay 🍑 Hope your week has been just peachy! 😏 xx . 📷 kapa_photography .
👙… URL1338 @USER613 you are too funny!!! @USER468 @USER2515 Obama is history
before long Time to get the country back on track A new Pres brings new ideas &
a fresh outlook Go Trump I had a lot of fun at the salt river today 😋 RT
@USER2650: basic URL642 If I get one more Down to Lunch personal invite... RT
@USER1202: If van Gaal wins us the FA cup, I'll tattoo #LvGIn near my butthole.
RT @USER739: We were greeted by a beautiful sunrise, vastly differently from the
overwhelming sadness #PrayersforDallas URL225… Just another confused fan. Lmfao.
URL1615 UN warns of dire humanitarian crisis in Lake Chad URL313 via todayng
URL1056 #lovescroll #news RT @USER123: Such casual slayage URL1117 RT @USER22:
Iconic VOTE NOW 5SOS FAM #5SOSFam #iHeartAwards #BestFanArmy URL426 RT @USER672:
It's time for #CaliBernication, get ready to 🏄🏽 the #BernieLoveWave!
#PoliticalRevolution URL1583 RT @USER1396: @USER328 NO retraction, no admittance
of wrong doing. Just endanger this mans life and because a tweet is deleted it's
ok. What are your thoughts on Harambe the gorilla being killed to protect the 4
year old child who fell into the... URL1556 tomorrow's my last day of freedom.
Lit 😋 Proposal To Ditch The Caucus For A Primary Earns Colorado Political
Support – KUNC URL1432 RT @USER2524: This is my trademarked formula formula to
get more likes and followers on #socialmedia URL685 #blog h… Tiny Giraffe is
stopping to get ready for his tour of Valley Forge...his Giant Human and her
son… URL757 #HappyFriday to all you #CherryBay Party Rockers!! 󾁏 RT @USER890:
#improudofmarktuan n I hope that mark u may be proud of the work u do, the
person u are and the difference you make ht… A Thousand Drunk Uncles URL753 RT
@USER378: Opinion: here is exactly why @USER228 has taken on the issue of weight
bias and discrimination URL759 @USER343 thanks Darbs, miss you!!! <3 RT
@USER2351: The Siberian tiger emerges from a pool full of chlorella. Photo
Credit: Soren Nielsen URL294 RT @USER1650: #CatLovers #DonneInArte Woman with a
Cat, Louis Valtat @USER529 @USER1636 @USER1588 @USER196 @USER537 URL217… RT
@USER2375: If only I could apply reasoning with criminals or bad people, I don't
have to spend much on alarm system or to bother locki… Can't waittttttt
#NowPlaying The Birds Pt. 1 by The Weeknd ♫ URL898 RT @USER1165: BREAKING NEWS:
Quatarius Manuel has signed a $6.34 29 year deal as lead Slave with the
Plantations URL1421 RT @USER2474: don't nobody give a fuck about me 😴 RT
@USER2137: Happy Birthday to one of my best buds @USER1705 good luck in Indy b
love you 😍 URL1197 I can't deal with idiots anymore URL1020 RT @USER1023: URL292
Recommend for all #family #Excellent & easy #reading! @USER855 #asmsg #pdf1
#t4us #iartg URL219… RT @USER2574: Injury Lawyer Rio Rancho- User Submitted
Directory URL532 #injurylawyerinriorancho #rioranchoinjurylawyer RT @USER1693:
Please share and help raise awareness!! Thank you 😀 URL544 @USER280 Can you go
back to talking about politics? This is brutal and cliched corny, music for
beating minorities. Olympic gold medallist @USER384 whipped by St John Fisher
pupils @USER2475 @USER1668 #bbc #SportRelief URL688 dang Nick and I both got
blocked 🤔 😂 Untitled Screencast: URL981 via @USER1490 RT @USER1517: Yeah that's
a no... We are waiting for u ( shankar) "The Inspiration of youth" URL682 RT
@USER2535: thegordonkids's Live PS4 Broadcast: URL699 via @USER1490 RT @USER178:
D-Rose has a message for the Bulls 😳 (via @USER962) URL684 RT @USER586: Stop
worrying about someone that isn't worried about you. The ppl we surround
ourselves with either raise or lower our STANDARDS! RT @USER2614: 10 yrs of bank
fraud, mis-selling & tax crime have seen not one CEO or senior manager jailed.
Others aren't so lucky URL220… RT @USER2038: White people really want attention
tonight URL1295 Hoteliers laud Ambode, task lasg on multiple taxation
#GeneralNews URL1450 RT @USER2340: “AI-written novel passes literary prize
screening” URL271 RT @USER2637: Never no time for fuck boyz♡ Order this today
with code LIT for 25% off 😳😳😲 ●URL1348● URL1199… An authority figure may grant
you the freedom of choice today.... More for Leo URL268 RT @USER686: Scared or
fake, or both. Seriously, we can avoid a lot of heartaches if we just keep this
in mind. URL1064 RT @USER1248: St Tastes about to start @USER1840 @USER1510
@USER1092 @USER2369 @USER1147 @USER1091 URL348… RT @USER1014: Tbh Vices &
Virtues is the best album Post-Split RT @USER810: You're indescribable. We
writers spend our lives trying to conjure you from every angle. We get close
enough to keep trying… @USER1207 @USER63 me pleeeeasssee!!!! RT @USER1875: NOW
THIS IS WHAT I CALL ART URL267 Easy Vape 188 Digital Hands Free Vaporizer -
URL296 | | Easy Vape 188 Digital Hands ... URL1597 @USER2402 what big bat do see
being available? I don't see many.. Not being a dick with the question just a
honest one RT @USER1557: How dare you make me your second choice 😂😂😂😂😂 They
gotta chill URL679 Online the goods domestication, e lore solutions, software
readying online: bsvrRf RT @USER2629: My head tells me that i don’t love you,
But my heart tells me you are a liar.. #ALDUB39thWeeksary RT @USER763: If you
can read one article this week, this is it: "Where Books Are All But
Nonexistent" in The Atlantic: URL1152… RT @USER179: Here we are
known....#Vancouver URL1269 I wanna go bowling or bingo Dang I miss @USER1604 &
@USER701 RT @USER2573: I....have never been left speechless by something a boy
has said URL381 @USER1999 see this! URL1000 God's Hour on the Jersey Shore.
URL293 I added a video to a @USER1490 playlist URL1491 Zelda Ocarina of Time
Longplay with HDWILL EP.10 - Forest Temple RT @USER910: Dream car status for
sure URL1222 Authentic Louis Vuitton Monogram Marelle Shoulder Bag M51157 #S1493
URL484 URL1339 INFINITYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY RT @USER273: He
was 16 When Nuclear Bomb Exploded In Japan. 70-Years Later He Tells The Story,
URL1287 RT @USER943: @USER1451 lol that's not my cat just an adorable kitten
picture that made me smile. Sorry for the confusion watching all the videos on
my phone of me & &@USER1593 make me happy 😂😂💟💟💟 just realizing Ian turn my wifi
on 😩😂 RT @USER1331: IM GUNNA TWEET SOMETHING AND I WANT YOU GUYS TO TAKE ME 100%
SERIOUS @USER1506 @USER2189 @USER731 well shit. RT @USER996: He’s got the North.
North got his back. #BringYourGame URL1417 URL1380 These vendors at the
Democratic convention don't see much enthusiasm for Clinton URL993 #LiveWireTV
#SLAPTV Source: Magic agree to deal with Vogel for coach URL324
#LiveWireAthletics RT @USER69: Haaaayyyy @USER1586 ..... That's all I can say
@USER1011 HAHAH #ALDUBTheQuestion URL901 i wanna set my alarm for my birthday to
be the final fantasy victory jingle RT @USER206: human evolution in 30 seconds
URL920 I just checked in at Chicago O'Hare Intl with #mPLUSPlaces Download
today! URL713 RETWEET #빅스(#vixx) and MAKE on URL605 to show how much you want a
show in your city! #NowMaking That will just create more leftist legislators
thanks to massive illegal immigration. URL1111 Hold on, boys!! #UYL #CFCU19 RT
@USER2451: Suck Daddys Cock by @USER2451 URL654 @USER2205 URL1598 Lost what
little respect I had. A zero wanting attention. URL1133 @USER2118 @USER1941 haha
idk just passing by and saw that and lol'd. How is it "unfried"? 21K away from
1M! COME ON!! WE CAN HARMOS #Harmonizers #iHeartAwards #BestFanArmy URL1147 Get
to a location just *prolonged mouthfart noise* One thing go right and another go
wrong RT @USER2033: A perfect inning on seven pitches from @USER1045 in his
@USER884 org. debut! Generals up now! #GriffeyHOF URL222… RT @USER816: marriage
is kinda weird though because it’s like ‘i love you, lets get the law involved
so you can’t leave” RT @USER1566: [Fun Fact #429] Twice gets so much support and
[food] during promos that they lose more weight while not promoting. URL221…
Boko Haram: Affected persons hit 9 million; Nigeria, others risk worse
conditions – UN URL1594 @USER2311 by the way post a selfie, your makeup is
poppin' (like always but like hella slay today) Associate Rick Reid serenading
us at the tax party in 2013! #TBT #karaoke #party #welchfam URL1276 RT
@USER2195: Interesting letter from @USER677 of @USER570 on the impact of local
blogging on #hocoBOE race. URL473 #hoco… *Head of Medical Direction - Medical
Communications RTP, NC... - Quintiles: (#Parsippany, New Jersey) URL371
#Marketing Save: 16%! Only $35.44 – MSRP: $42.30 – Weleda 29035 Body Oil
Essentials Kit URL1603 URL1527 RT @USER2106: The Internet Of Things Is Simpler
Than You Think - Forbes URL252 #IoT RT @USER636: Trump has Completely CHANGED
the game of politics! Imagine the Things he will CHANGE when he's in the White
House. #India… RT @USER2025: Nails and brows done now I'm happy 💃🏼 Catch The
Latest Vibes And Trending News In Entertainment, Sport, Fashion and Technology
URL1565 RT @USER2117: 160623 ksoo and jongin kept laughing about it together.
ksoo was in a really good mood and he was playing around with lay,… RT
@USER1800: The Drum Island During Ride. He broke his drumstick #MarylandRoadshow
URL379 RT @USER2522: #3CLotusGreensScam purchased house 6 years back, 95% money
taken and stopped work, waiting and waiting. @USER1378 @USER2385… #Purplerain
RIP PRINCE I Ching Divination Premium Reports Readings … : URL1084 , RT @USER35:
The Real MVP URL483 URL310 RT @USER2120: Accept no one's definition of your
life; define yourself. Good Morning FB Fam, Let's Get It! RT @USER565: Lets go
on an adventure 🌌 URL236 @USER1831 I don’t use iTunes match, got it all on an
external, too much odd music to trust iTunes with it. @USER1633 who's your
favourite footballer?? #askarjun RT @USER552: @USER1982 | Dabb on Em With my
braddah @USER2404 Enjoy ... And maybe RT 💁🏻 URL836 @USER2441 i only was able to
exist because party zone existed for me to just. sit in and wait for people to
appear. so. RT @USER2220: Play with your friends on Dodgems, a new interactive
ride experience only on mcDiscoveryParks! ~ MPX URL1057 RT @USER492: me: it's
not that deep also me: URL930 RT @USER1680: amber rose educating grown ass men
on giving consent URL998 RT @USER2334: Futuristic sword named Fu-ts'ang, bound
with a weapon smith's soul URL255 #Kindle #YA #pageturner URL221… RT @USER78:
Steve-o and Kat Von D are so fucking cute together. Im going to run @USER1540
into the ground when my wedding day comes and she better not complain 🙂 RT
@USER1265: [PICTURE] @USER859 confirming. URL326 RT @USER1912: How it feels when
a girl has 10 fuckboys DM'ing her dumb shit & she still waiting on the guy she
likes to text back URL220… At least we know Jake is the talent in the family??
Idek #Scandal RT @USER1689: Justin Bieber's tour clothes have a "Purpose," his
stylist explains (exclusive) URL410 URL280… RT @USER489: What a nice day to sit
and ponder plans for the rest of the summer that with 95% success rate are
proven to fall through on… Apart from #TaiChi most of day has been at home with
#cats, but #weather poor so they've not been out so much. But it's been
companionable. RT @USER186: The Painted Lady Tattoo Studio SILVER - URL968
URL686 Tweeted @ June 10, 2016 at 11:51PM #ohgod #whathaveidone #spam URL636 RT
@USER1556: If this were anyone else Twitter would have them by the throat
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 but Lexi does what she wants URL1256 RT @USER571: BREAKFAST As usual
eggs, bacon, sausages, croissants, toast, Cheeri-Owls cereal and more has
appeared on the long tables. 'I LOVE YOU' just started trending with 405719
tweets. More trends at URL1638 #trndnl Our neighbors are seriously into this
#plantbased trend. Australian Gelato Shop Goes #Vegan URL962 URL750 RT
@USER2019: #100OlicityWishes 42: Oliver and Diggle to keep sharing drinks in the
lair, those drinks mean great conversations! URL220… RT @USER37: The oldest
known recipe is for a 4,000-year-old beer made by the Sumerians. #BeerFacts RT
@USER439: The AMC on Washington street has bed bugs. My entire back is covered
in bites. Do not go there URL1531 @USER1067 pls don't tease ;w; Maintenance
Supervisor Metals Plant Jobs in Cleveland, OH #Cleveland #OH #jobs #jobsearch
URL560 Pakistanis for once appreciate something good that is happening. We all
know its not perfect but we all learn from mistakes #HBLPSL RT @USER1403: this
is so heartbreaking 😢💔#FreeKesha URL1242 RT @USER1626: hellary clinton wants2run
w/big dogs she'd better b tough or stay home..her barking like a dog is nicer
than reality h… RT @USER1911: Good. Few things are creepier or more dangerous &
authoritarian than govt restrictions based on unproven *suspicions URL218… RT
@USER2544: Coming on Wednesday... The Lob Episode 2: Basque Football. Featuring
@USER1851, @USER975, @USER699 & @USER2318. h… I don't regret anything and I'm
thankful for everything Arsenal chief Gazidis inspired by Leicester City
transfer strategy URL1347 RT @USER130: I think we should start bringing snacks
to fight club. HOW MANY TIMES MUST I TELL YOU WE DON'T TALK ABOUT... Actually,
s… RT @USER279: Check this dopeness out! URL872 RT @USER1732: hello 9-1-1? my
girlfriend's been kidnapped "stay calm sir, what's ur girlfriend's name" oh she
goes to another school u would… RT @USER1019: Never Forget You URL1303
#SoMoSunday Going up on s Tuesday or is it Wednesday by yanessa_northcott URL672
RT @USER2001: Congratulations! You won the Civil War movie tickets. :) To claim
your prize please tweet @USER1661! C u in Mega! URL217… RT @USER2606: Justin
wrote what do you mean for himself, that boy is so confused URL471 This. This
exactly. 😂😭 URL425 Found a random receipt stuffed into my wallet. It's for a
Disneyland churro. That's about right. RT @USER277: Wrestlers feel like this
sometimes.. URL932 < reason, I loved it. Craved it. I remember over hearing the
talk between my parents and his, 'we must keep the bloodline pure' one said >
#Sport 2012 #Topps Magic Doug Martin #Rookie Autograph Tampa Bay Bucs URL828 #FF
URL650 If you ain't getting money nigga I don't wanna be near you "a kai
-inspired cafe named "Cafe114" is made by one of kai fansite,Liking114." i'll go
there soon😍😍😍 URL665 RT @USER206: value people who see your value Fab turn out
yesterday for some greatin the glorious sunshine in support ofCaptain URL1180
URL1511 Happy b'day #OliviadeHavilland100 Two Academy Awards and the
unforgettable Melania Hamilton in Gone with the wind URL1623 @USER618 Why are
ALL of your downloaded pages not working? Example: URL788 I need a wifey that
can cook like my mom so I can be fat with her forever ＠Loli URL745 June 18, 2016
at 10:28AM URL972 RT @USER30: I would just like to publicly announce that i have
no idea what i am doing @USER1235 how hard is it to only @ the person in the
original tweet? HOW!? RT @USER1304: Bout to call it a night I'm earning points
with #CricketRewards URL576 Large insects, late nights and an apartment with two
girls is not a good mix 5 min make-up tutorial (special day) by AVON - URL904
URL227 Police ID man fatally shot at Waffle House near Port Columbus URL1095
#gunfail #nra Aldub lesson: one task at a time @USER1586 #ALDUB9thMonthsary RT
@USER2223: Y'all my sister bought a fan that plugs into her phone so when she
takes selfies it blows her hair I'm done URL224… Bitch ur so stuck on my best u
even had ur aunt call him to try to get u back 😂😂😂😂😂 Ctfu BITCH HE DONT WANT YOU
MOVE ALONG AROUND JST FCKN RT @USER1430: Just watched the last episode of
@USER1195 Mamamiaaaaaa ! Love this TV-Show @USER895 @USER546 RT @USER758: Are
you excited for 9muses comeback? Seriously. #HamburgerHelperMixtape will
resuscitate you. URL1520 While I'm waitin for school to get canceled URL623
@USER96 @USER2463 Hello, can I know why the iPhone 4S does not benefit from
Snapchat filters? RT @USER1403: goodbye I'm moving URL558 Noooo @USER684 hit me
with the unfollow😥 RT @USER1717: The Hateful Eight (2015) Dir. Quentin Tarantino
URL1080 omg can't do it just kno these messages speak for they self😂 RT
@USER2164: Ms Puff a freak... driving and riding at the same damn time 😳 need me
one like this 😍😍😍 URL990 @USER389 I bought a player today and after i spent 30k
on him i didnt get my player, i lost 30000 coins and i hope ill get them back.
I'm going to sleep, it's 3:28am, swanqueen sucks, regina is a rat and colifer is
real. Bye. @USER456 "I would like to taste it~" @USER471 Samaritan's Purse did a
great work, and service, in W.Monroe-Monroe after that flood. Thank you all!! RT
@USER1727: Jared Padalecki -overgrown puppy -loves beanies -an inspiration
-started "always keep fighting" to help his fans URL219… Sent my @USER747
#SecondShooter off today to trade it for the Plus. Can't wait. RT @USER1872: rt
for 100 free follows just turn my notifications on 🔥 RT @USER2516: Thank you
Kylie, for this very inspirational statement. URL1479 always laughing with my
bff URL832 don't let anyone scare you... you know that i'll protect you always
all through the thick and thin until the end RT @USER1313: RT AND REPLY FOR
MALUM! NOW OR NEVER FAM #5SOSFam #BestFanArmy #iHeartAwards RT @USER395: #OILERS
GOOOAAAAL! YAK ATTACK! #MINvsEDM RT @USER2499: top golf round 2❣ @USER1225
URL821 RT @USER1994: I need something different RT @USER1560: I see every text
that comes to my phone because my phone is ALWAYS with me so if I don't text you
back I ignored you. RT @USER2288: Eleanor spent the day with Louis in LA
yesterday. ☺ URL738 RT @USER2346: This ignorant piece of shit won a Grammy.
URL778 told some friends who forgot abt my birthday to have fun in their teenage
years & that i'm leaving. i bet they're going to ask my friend 😂 1120 (E12)
AKLEH SLOW! Jelatek to Ampang - mrr2 , 5km/j , Delay (30mins), Drive Safely!
#trafficbuzz #kltu Save me pls ahre @USER620 @USER1231 Who is Lounis? RT
@USER2364: 14. LOL MAN. SUCK & KISS ON THAT NECK WITHOUT LEAVING A HICKEY- can u
do that ???? RT @USER2305: These 7 Signs Will Tell You If He's a Keeper and Not
a Player URL1210…>> >>URL1492 RT @USER73: Pokemon Go lovers will surely
understand the feeling. URL1498 Be there in 11 hours babe URL406 RT @USER1973:
Kiss Daniel is a style stealer like the face sealing demon in avatar mama got me
going gaga this morning oshey!!! EU referendum: How right or wrong were the
polls?: URL776 @USER2136 sorri b0ss I'll follow u soon RT @USER596: England
fans, the wait is almost over... England v Russia tonight - 7pm LIVE on
@USER596. #EURO2016 #ENGRUS URL349 Do you need to meditate more?… Try doing this
Pose #Yoga #Pose #Zen URL1281 RT @USER1703: what a brilliant week URL548 Mobile
Shop >> URL1331 #301 New BlackBerry Priv STV100-1 Unlocked GSM Slider Android
Cell Phone - … URL1535 RT @USER1981: THE KRUSTY KRAYAYEAH YEAH YEAH PIZZA IS THE
PIZZA FOR YOU AND...MEEEEEEHEEEEEhEEEE URL942 RT @USER854: Thomas Quaife
Vickers, 16, is #missing from #Heathway - if seen, call police via 101 URL1575
URL446… RT @USER587: I am jealous of everybody who is with you when I'm not with
you. Chunky breads from @USER109 are excellent for tearing and dunking into soup
🍞 URL596 EARTH & FIRE SEASONS DP1756 EP ws9625 URL397 URL975 RT @USER99: Did a
little shopping today. (...) 📷: @USER459 via @USER2444 URL1488 leaving the past
behind me, no looking back RT @USER1055: footage shows one of the cops in
dallas...was shot using his body as a human shield to protect one of the BLM
protestors… RT @USER2308: 19. Odell Beckham Jr. (African-American) he so damn
fine I gtg URL1463 Clinton is 2-1 against Sanders. But curious to see what
delegate count — not counting supers — will be after tonight. RT @USER1367: LIL
MAN WAS NOT PLAYIN, HOLY SHIT URL1193 i'd do anything - simple plan something
bit me on the ass wtf. The Various Indicators Used by Forex Trading Signals
URL400 RT @USER498: Leicester City have won the Premier League. The biggest
sporting shock of my lifetime, and it's only my team. RT @USER1653: This is in
full effect URL1179 RT @USER2407: i like baddies who have the upper bodies of
hulk hogan 😏😜😍👏 URL476 CTFU URL1040 Wait is that it thank you for making me to
go to bay, I honestly cant believe we started the year and ended it together,I
love you❤️ URL1539 If your girl is wearing them Calvin Klein joints, hold me
back RT @USER1777: #GrowingUpWithLenientParents I just have to tell them what
I'm doing and call when I'm on the way back, no lying & no… About to head back
on LIVE webcam for public chat► URL1150 #porn #boobies URL545 Wacky Wednesday!!
June 29th !! Golf, Cart, Range Balls, choice of any Entree, choice of fountain
drink or 12oz.... URL797 If I died today, would you be satisfied with our last
conversation? RT @USER1236: "what do you want your future to look like?" URL740
@USER2657 @USER2659 can you pls RT URL689 ? Thanks 💞 I made that bitch famous
@USER1222 @USER976 ooh these look amazing 😍 would ❤️ to try these brilliant
thanks for the lovely chance 👌 Godwin Obaseki Website The Official campaign
website for Godwin Obaseki, Edo 2016, Nigeria URL246 RT @USER1972: @USER774
reminds me of a young Los !!! @USER2006 *reaches your car before you do* RT
@USER2110: 144. Gang Related x Logic *that instrumental is CRAZY yo* URL1538 RT
@USER435: Did anyone else read the words in different voices in their head or is
that just me URL966 @USER703 you guys did great. I couldn't be prouder💙 RT
@USER128: he's so proud of his haul. URL1286 I'm heading out for a #PokeGoBike
ride. Easier to catch 'em all on a Koben. RT @USER1155: Oil prices impacting
commodities in the US as well as the UK- Skid in oil prices pulls #recycling
industry down URL1587… The Latest: Judge weighs charge in ex-Saints player
shooting: NEW ORLEANS (AP) The Latest on the case of a ma... URL897 RT
@USER1013: Is that a snake? 😳😳 URL861 Hooray it’s nearly Easter! Who’s been hop,
skipping & jumping into their Easter #babyballet classes? #babyballethour URL804
RT @USER1667: Get in it now people! RT to win @USER1866 #EsuranceSweepstakes
#SB50 @USER1856 idk these demonic people are talking about engaging in sexual
acts you and I know nothing about @USER907 @USER1385 Let's all thank (or curse)
Chris Christie for taking out Marco Rubio and making it a 2 man race.
Guns'n'Roses lead singer Axl Rose to join AC/DC... URL232 URL1263 RT @USER75:
@USER1722 I really really really wish more love was spread throughout the world
❤️ @USER987 @USER50 Should Newsx give coverage for such cheap statement? Cmon
now it's SUMMER save this for winter RT @USER802: TBH, we let Dom Kennedy get
away with a lot of shit. ...Goodnight URL350 RT @USER2123: Look. Closely At This
Photo of Two Cops, It's Going Viral For One STUNNING Reason URL746 @USER2176 I
heard this once on Dogs with Jobs re: a dog that had been shy then came out of
curiosity? RT @USER115: that friend that makes you laugh when you're trying to
be angry at them URL1412 RT @USER430: In honor of Messi's birthday, we ranked
the 10 best Champions League goals of his career. URL448 RT @USER1841: Looking
to grow your business through #franchising? Join us at eCom's Breakfast on 29
June in Glasgow URL377… @USER1395 agreed RT @USER793: #Leo is unbelievably happy
with their imperfect life and even happier in the direction it's headed. They're
grateful for th… @USER2341 Me too! Hopefully we both can finish some this year!
I want to start new series, but I feel bad having not finished so many. RT
@USER2296: These Prom Photos Should Never Have Been Snapped> URL644 @USER2431
but 30,000 Americans killed every year by gun violence are acceptable political
games #Republicans play everyday #StopNRA It's #StarWars day tomorrow - what
will you be doing to celebrate? #MayThe4thBeWithYou URL1160 Grandmother is in
town! URL831 RT @USER278: hiiii guys im having a live show tomorrow at 1pm PST!
set a reminder and come hang out ☺️ URL1105 RT @USER1938: This this this URL1451
RT @USER2266: i hope my best friends meet guys who love them as much as i love
them bc sometimes i think they forget how well they deserve … Is this an
invitation??? ;) URL564 @USER801 @USER542 sometimes it hurts. Once so close
became strangers This Adidas set is nice 😻 s/o to my mother! RT @USER2197: I
don't want 2 do homework I want 2 be at formal RT @USER1913: this would be the
cutest date ever 😭😭 URL1533 I can't associate with you any longer URL1591 RT
@USER475: I miss the late phone calls, the sweet texts, the happiness, I miss it
all. RT @USER894: I just want to go in, slap Elijah Cummings on the head and
shout, "Goose!" and then start running in circles URL223… Can someone enlighten
me on Sec. Mar's views on PUB franchises and traffic management? RT @USER1441:
This punk can leave yesterday! 😵 I think his race card has expired. URL1309 RT
@USER828: Your heart is fucked once you start finding a piece of them in every
song. Maybe if i cleaned my glasses every once in a while i wouldn't be blind
Huge asteroids smashed Mars 'enhancing chances of life' URL597 I need to calm
down Street Photography : Toy and bags by sbc9 URL1268 | #streets #photography
#photos #500px URL999 So blessed URL678 RT @USER2323: . Everything you're going
through right now is temporary and it's prepping you for something greater RT
@USER1765: #ColdplayBRITS @USER1234 (user: coldplay) URL1465 RT @USER409: #RIP:
#SRK's father-in-law #GauriKhan's dad passes away. URL1208 URL234 RT @USER1644:
European customers are angry at British (but pro-Euro) brands like @USER2594
This isn't an isolated email. Shocked. ht… BUY 125 PILLS OF SILDENAFIL CITRATE
SOFT TABS + 25 BONUS PILLS, FREE SHIPPING! CLICK URL1411 URL1074 RT @USER926:
'Absurdly' high Arctic warmth drives sea ice to record low - URL1485 No no no
the astrology descibes me all wrong. I'm not a typical anything. I'm me.
........................ sadly. :P RT @USER269: Probably the best thing you'll
ever read. Merica. URL963 @USER2655 have fun babycake 💘 RT @USER2435: Y'all be
tryna out 2 and 2 together and be salty lol RT @USER775: .@USER1762 MT
@USER1113: @USER775 Gr8 pics of Friesen, Clarke & yrs truly URL1037 Big up… It's
weird. When I got married I told M it was bc I was so tired. I wanted to sleep.
Literally, sleep. For years. And I feel like I did. This shows Hillary just
needs to be in prison now URL495 RT @USER107: Because I'M THAT DAMN GOOD !
#TripleH #SmackDown URL1211 💋 you cute but a stranger 😅 RT @USER824: Hope
everyone is gooooood 😎 @USER666 accurate? URL1183 RT @USER1526: If you asked me
how many times you have crossed my mind,, i would say once because you never
really left 😊 Nah, fuck you lol URL1198 RT @USER2182: Hello @USER134 💗 #BTS
Sensational things to come in 2016 🌟 #SneakPeek #lorealista URL1305 Everything
and everyone is sus @USER754 fake ass skin Re: Stress :( URL1229 RT @USER376:
actors kiss each other for like 10 seasons and don't fall in love but when
someone holds the door for me i think about it for lik… Justice for Oscar the
dog with a broken leg! Plz sign: URL474 URL260 Canadian Coupons: Save $2 When
You Buy Two Vector Granola *Printable Coupon* URL1278 RT @USER1430: Happy
#SuperSoulSunday Tweet💜 join me with @USER1029 and @USER1105 at 11 a.m. and 7
p.m. ET/PT for the tweetfest on @USER1009… RT @USER2543: Bikini Fails Who Are
Doing It All Wrong....URL1568 I've harvested 685 of food! URL380 #android,
#androidgames, #gameinsight As in this didn't show how strong her voice is but
this sing is a summer jam. I just wished she would've showcased her voice better
I fell so hard on my butt today @ work :/ RT @USER2438: It was an incredible
concert guys thank u so much! Rome loves you!@USER21 URL1413 "The Senate’s very
Canadian threat — ‘We’re going to do our job!" URL288 RT @USER1244: cats are
liquid URL121 RT @USER1956: Bruh Hell Nah They Too Quick😂😂😭😭 URL1062 2500 Lumen
LED Flashlight CREE XML T6 Torch Rechargeable Battery Zoomable Light - Buy It N…
URL834 URL1036 RT @USER140: Andy Murray and Kim Sears are first-time parents to
a baby girl - congratulations! URL312 URL352… B: The digestive system RT
@USER2603: Study Reveals 'Most Dangerous' Sex Position See more click here>>>>
URL372 URL367 Let me be the reason why you have a different perspective on life
and its lessons. RT @USER1930: Rihanna knows how to slay everything 💞 URL1218 RT
@USER297: Just a chubby penguin. URL1118 @USER1695 I miss you sm wtf RT
@USER1243: 6 charming chicken coops you'll want for your backyard: URL610 URL822
RT @USER61: In the capital! In 2016! Tueh. URL1313 RT @USER947: "In the brief
breaks during his cleaning shift, he switches on an old laptop and polishes his
manuscripts" URL712… I've just unlocked Touch Ups achievement in Paradise Island
2! URL969 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2 RT @USER1423: When she finds out you're
younger than her and you have to explain its not a big deal URL1405 RT @USER333:
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to
regret. RT @USER1300: The deal is very simple. Player/Agent both pushing for the
move and United are very much interested in the player. Talks… RT @USER2184:
school staff be like "if you don't wanna be here then don't come" BITCH I TRIED
y'all tried send me to court!!!! Put some respeck on my name RT @USER1317: "The
EU tackles climate change" by ignoring the building of coal fired power stations
in Germany and puts VAT on solar p… Your anger could bubble to the surface now,
creating a little ... More for Pisces URL518 @USER76 or The Who. *runs away* RT
@USER893: rt if you have school tomorrow, ugh RT @USER1176: Shoenice drinks a
bottle of Frank's Red Hot URL1567 RT @USER1610: Iwas-hanash! Iwas-bacteria! Sa
safeguard tyo! Read this comment to the last sentence! 😂👇🏻(frm:FP)
#ALDUBAngAtraso URL221… 
