From the AP comes this story : 

President Bush on Tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists
on federal courts in the Washington area. Bush nominated Jennifer M. Anderson
for a 15-year term as associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of
Columbia, replacing Steffen W. Graae. *** Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell
Kramer for a 15-year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court
of Appeals, replacing John Montague Steadman. 

The sheikh in wheel-chair has been attacked with a F-16-launched bomb. He could
be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons, since he founded
and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas, but they didn't. Today's incident
proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace. 

Nervous people make mistakes, so I suppose there will be a wave of succesfull
arab attacks. A la guerre c'est comme a la guerre! 

In the eastern city of Baqubah, guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police
station, killing several people. The US lost yet another helicopter to hostile
fire near Habbaniyah in the Sunni heartland, but this time the crew was safe. 

In Fallujah, hundreds of demonstrators came out against US troops when they
briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride. (I hope that the US army got an
enormous amount of information from her relatives, because otherwise this move
was a bad, bad tradeoff). The US troops fired into the hostile crowd, killing 4.
It seems clear to me that the manhunt for high Baath officials in the Sunni
heartland is being done wrong, or at least in ways that are bad for US standing
with local Iraqis. 

Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company's story
to the (miniscule number of) people who haven't heard it. Usually, these are
just a chance for the suckups to suck up, but this time people are actually
concerned about the company's plans. They work on Wall Street, after all, so
when they hear a company who's stated goals include "Don't be evil," they
imagine a company who's eventually history will be "Don't be profitable." It's
not quite as freewheeling an environment as you'd imagine: Sergey Brin has
actually created a mathematical 'proof' that the company's self-driven research
strategy, which gives employees one day a week to do research projects on their
own, is a good, respectable idea . Read the entire article; there's a punchline,
too. 

My opinion piece on the implications of Arafat's passing for al-Qaeda has
appeared at Newsday. Excerpt: 

"Arafat's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to
imagine a two-state solution, even if the road of negotiations remained rocky.
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories
during the 1990s helped, along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as
Hamas, to derail the peace process, which Sharon had always opposed. Arafat's
death creates a vacuum in Palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled.
Sharon's assassination of major Hamas leaders has also weakened authority
structures in that party. If the Israelis and the Palestinian leadership cannot
find a way to reinvigorate the peace process, cells of radical young
Palestinians may grow up that look to bin Laden for their cues. Even if local
Palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al-Qaida out, the festering
Israeli-Palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for
al-Qaida with young Muslim men. Resolving this conflict would be the most
effective weapon the United States could deploy in its war on terror." 

Xinhua reports that a wide range of Iraqi political forces on Tuesday condemned
Sharon's murder of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, a religious leader of Hamas, the day
before. The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah, 50 km west of Baghdad,
"condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the
coalition soldiers in Iraq." Ash-Sharq al-Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed
Tuesday in a general strike. US troops there clashed with guerrillas in a fight
that left one Iraqi dead. In Ramadi, there was a big demonstration. Radical
Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said the attack was "criminal" and that "the
Zionists have left only one choice for the Arabs, that of fighting and jihad".
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying, "It is a proof of the
emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in
the region . . . This operation would only consolidate the terrorist acts in the
world and would not bring peace to the region," the message claimed. Xinhua
alleged that "Many of the Iraqis, who suffer the American occupation of Iraq,
relate their case with that of the Palestinian people, under the Israeli
occupation." In an apparently unrelated incidents, some eleven Iraqis were
killed by snipers on Tuesday, including a group of police trainees in a bus near
Hilla and two police in Kirkuk. 

Ever since the first whispers about Google's IPO, most investors have feared
that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that, even
with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless
execution, the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit.
We've moved on. We've grown up. Now, people wonder if Google can even survive .
That's overstating it, I know. What they wonder is whether Google can be
anything more than what it's always been -- a great search engine with some real
grass-roots support, successful by the grace of simplicity. Simplicity gave it
that blessed, laudatory lack of clutter, the efficient and effective text-based
ads, and the support of anyone with a dial-up connection. The problem is that
customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find
-- witness the fight-for-fewest-features between low-end camera companies. The
other problem? It's tough to make money branching out when your appeal is in
your focus. As the survey cited in the above-linked article shows, most Google
users don't intend to use Gmail, and Google isn't even as popular as Yahoo! and
AOL. If they continue to add features so they can justify their likely sky-high
valuation, Google risks losing a huge chunk of their customer base to the next
keep-it-simple search engine. 

Remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a Swedish newspaper
printed those cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed? Now Iran wants to turn the
tables and is inviting cartoonists to do their best by depicting the Holocaust.
Amazingly, these idiots think a cartoon of Mohammed is comparable to what we can
expect in this new fun contest: TEHRAN (AFP) - An international contest of
cartoons on the Holocaust opened in Tehran in response to the publication in
Western papers last September of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed. "We staged
this fair to explore the limits of freedom Westerners believe in," Masoud
Shojai, head of the country's "Iran Cartoon" association and the fair organizer,
said. "They can freely write anything they like about our prophet, but if one
raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison," he
added. "Though we do not deny that fact that Jews were killed in the (second
world) war, why should the Palestinians pay for it?" Shojai told the opening
ceremony of the month-long fair in Tehran's Palestine Contemporary Art Museum.
He added that around 1,100 cartoons were submitted by participants from more
than 60 countries and that more than 200 are on show. He said the top three
cartoons will be announced on September 2, with the winners being awarded prizes
of 12,000, 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively. This cute little stunt is only
going to prove just how fanatic the extremist Muslims are. When they saw a
cartoon of their prophet, people had to die. When their precious cartoons are
released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world. 

US Marines moved into most of Fallujah on Wednesday, though they were still
meeting pockets of resistance. The Fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of
Iraqi noncombatants, including Shaikh Abdul Wahhab al-Janabi of the respected
Association of Muslim Scholars. Armed clashes broke out in several northern
Iraqi cities on Wednesday, leaving some 22 persons dead in Mosul, Baiji, and
Tuz. Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in
Tikrit and Huwaijah, as well, according to az-Zaman . The battles and
demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah. Guerrillas
threatened to assassinate Prime Minister Iyad Allawi and Minister of Defense
Hazem Shaalan in retaliation for the attack. Allawi's aged cousin and the man's
wife and daughter-in-law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if
the Fallujah compaign is not stopped. In Iraqi society, PM Allawi is responsible
for protecting his clan, including especially his first cousins, so this
kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him. The US
Marines took most of Fallujah Wednesday, but still face pockets of resistance.
If Samarra and other cities are any guide, those pockets of resistance could go
on bedeviling the US for some time to come. The intrepid Ed Wong of the NYT has
more on the Sunni boycott of the elections. He reports that the Iraqi Islamic
Party, which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni
vote, is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation.
The outbreak of demonstrations and violence throughout the Sunni Arab regions on
Wednesday did not bode well for Sunni participation in the January elections.
Jim Lobe has more on the political implications of the Fallujah assault, both in
Iraq and in Washington. For some black satire on Fallujah, see Unconfirmed
Sources which has some fun with my Weblog. [Am at a conference and can't blog
much right now but will try to catch up the next couple of days.] 

The hottest item on Christmas wish lists this year is nuclear weapons. Al-Qaeda
wants them, Iran wants them, Russia wants the better ones, and all the US wants
is to give them all a piece of coal. For the last few years there have been
tensions with Iran’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was
reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the
International Atomic Energy Agency. At the same time, an Iranian Opposition
Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program. Arial
photos, loose connections to AQ Kahn and Libya make up the evidence that the
group presented. Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best
nukes the world’s ever seen. President Vladimir Putin said Russia is will have
new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have. With the
demand so high, the question arises on to who should be or has the right to be
the Santa of nuclear weapons. Right now that seems to be the US, EU, and IAEA.
But not always do those three agree, and not always are their decisions equal.
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran, yet Israel, which
to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons, ranks
around fifth in nuclear strength. It is estimated that Israel has over 200
nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest
concern. North Korea’s Kim Jong Ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and
Santa seems to have already come a few years ago. It is rumored that North Korea
has at least a couple nuclear weapons. But getting past who should get them, is
who has them, and who is really close. The case against Iran has a feeling of
Déjà vu. Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched, somewhat like
those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq. America cried wolf in Iraq, and
what’s scary is that sooner or later, that wolf will probably get us. 

I ran across this item on the Internet. 

Sooooo. The United States goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of U.S.
citizens (most of whom were "dual-citizens"). Then, eschewing normal procedure,
the Department of State waived the fees that they charge for evacuating U.S.
citizen. Why? To pander to the mythical "Arab street", of course. 

Now, I would argue that one could have reasonably predicted that some form of
military violence was likely to occur in Lebanon (considering that the country
has been experiencing some form of conflict for approximately the last 32
years). In other words, those Americans were there by their own choice, mired in
a situation that was totally predictable. Yet we didn't charge them for the
evacuation. This is unlike the situation last year in Asia when we evacuated
U.S. citizens from areas that were hit by the tsunami - a phenomenon that is
much less predictable than the Hezbollah-provoked destruction that rained down
on Lebanon. And what do we get for this effort? A lawsuit. 

That's right, folks. The American-Arab Discrimination Committee is suing
Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld, charging that they mismanaged the
evacuation efforts. Here's an excerpt from the article: 

Nina Chahine, 19, who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the
lawsuit, said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13. The
wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war, she
said. "We were on the road and the first bridge was bombed and we drove home and
all the other bridges were bombed and there was absolutely no way for us to get
home," Chahine told reporters outside federal court in Detroit. "We were all
American citizens and there was no way that anybody helped us. No communications
nothing. I was on my way to my wedding fearing death, basically." Chahine said
her immediate family spent about $20,000 to return to Detroit via Syria and
Jordan. Dear Nina, 

Here's a tip: Don't get married in countries that house illegal militias that
attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack! Crap
like this sure makes me want to rush right out and rescue people from dilemmas
of their own making. 

Though I am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space, this little
bit from Dan Froomkin's "White House Briefing" column in the WashPost today is
just too good to pass up (read the whole column here ): At the Ask the President
event on Friday, one of the questions was about whether Bush has any thoughts
about his memoirs. This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question
that he hasn't anticipated. "Q Thank you -- I was wondering, there's a lot of
talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President. After you
are elected in 2004, what will your memoirs say about you, what will the title
be, and what will the main theme say? "THE PRESIDENT: I appreciate that.
(Laughter.) There is a painting on my wall in the Oval -- first of all, I don't
know. I'm just speculating now. I really haven't thought about writing a book.
My life is too complicated right now trying to do my job. (Laughter.) But if --
there's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging
up a steep cliff, and there are at least two other horsemen following. It's a
Western scene by a guy named W.H.S. Koerner called 'A Charge to Keep.' It's on
loan, by the way, from a guy named Joe O'Neill in Midland, Texas. He was the
person, he and his wife Jan, introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his
backyard in July of 1977. Four months later, we were married. So he's got a --
I'm a decision-maker and I can make good decisions. (Applause.) 

"And so we sang this hymn -- this is a long story trying to get to your answer.
(Laughter.) This is not a filibuster. (Laughter.) That's a Senate term --
particularly on good judges. (Applause.) The hymn was sung at my first inaugural
church service as governor. Laura and I are Methodists. One of the Wesley boys
wrote the hymn. The painting is based upon the hymn called, 'A Charge to Keep.'
I have. The hymn talks about serving something greater than yourself in life. I
-- which I try to do, as best as I possibly can. (Applause.) "The book -- I
guess one way, one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be, I
was given a charge to keep. And I gave it all my heart, all my energy, based
upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office.
(Applause.)" 

Now that's a rambling response. 

And I have to wonder: Did he forget that he already has a memoir called "A
Charge to Keep"? That was the name of his "autobiography" -- ghost-written by
adviser Karen Hughes in 1999. 

There has been random speculation about Google developiong a new browser and/or
acquiring Firefox. It is true that Google has been in acquisition mode. They
have acquired Urchin, Zipdash, Applied Semantics, Picasa, Blogger, and satellite
imaging company Keyhole, so why not Firefox? I have no inside information, but I
have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn
serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology
in Firefox. Ben Goodger is the lead engineer for Mozilla Firefox. He announced
this in January: As of January 10, 2005, my source of income changed from The
Mozilla Foundation to Google, Inc. of Mountain View, California. My role with
Firefox and the Mozilla project will remain largely unchanged, I will continue
doing much the same work as I have described above - with the new goal of
successful 1.1, 1.5 and 2.0 releases. I remain devoted full-time to the
advancement of Firefox, the Mozilla platform and web browsing in general. He
also announced this in January: 

Welcome Darin! I just want to extend a big "Welcome!" to Darin Darin Fisher who
joined me at Google this week. 2005 is going to rock! Darin Fisher wrote this
response on January 25, 2005: 

Me and the big "G" Following on the heels of Ben's annoucement yesterday, I
thought I'd post that I have joined Google as well. Like Ben, I will still be
very much involved with the Mozilla project and community :-) Posted by darin 

Ben made another announcement on March 28, 2005: 

I want to use this opportunity to welcome Brian Ryner to Google! Brian has been
one of the most crucial elements to the success of Mozilla software over the
past few years,... Great to have you on board! 

Now, none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time, but it's an
old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something. In this
case, following the talent leads me to think that Google will be making an
announcement this year that formalizes the Google-Mozilla/Firefox relationship.
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few
minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and
Matt Thompson, with music by Aaron McLeran. In this movie Google and Amazon
(GOOGLEZON ) create a brave new world of media in 2008. This is one
thought-provoking film. Every move Google makes brings this particular future
closer. Just one small commment - it's not possible, as far as I know, for
Google to "Aquire" Firefox. They already have rights to take it, alter it, and
release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is
about. I'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and
support the growth of the most popular non-Microsoft browser out there - by
taking on the leading lights in Firefox development, they're ensuring the
continued life of the project, and ensuring (not that I think they need to) that
their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development
team. It's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source
projects alive. Fascinating viewpoint of the future in Epic. Thanks for the
link. 

Malach, What you say makes sense. Acquiring open source talent gives a company
an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source
project will go. It probably gives more bang for the buck than acquiring a
private company and having to handle the inevitable culture clashes and process
mis-matches. 

The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al-Sadr's movement only
three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has
to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance. How did the CPA get to
the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites, who were initially grateful
for the removal of Saddam Hussein, against the United States? Where it risks
fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously, at a time when
US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in
country? At a time when the Spanish, Thai and other contingents are already
committed to leaving, and the UN is reluctant to get involved? One answer is
that the Pentagon prevented the State Department from running the CPA. State is
the body with experience in international affairs and administration. The
civilians in the Department of Defense only know how to blow things up.
Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz and Feith staffed the CPA with Neoconservatives, most of
whom had no administrative experience, no Arabic, and no respect for Muslim
culture (or knowledge about it). They actively excluded State Department Iraq
hands like Tom Warrick. (Only recently have a few experienced State Department
Arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess.) The Neocons in
the CPA have all sorts of ulterior motives and social experiments they want to
impose on the Iraqi people, including Polish-style economic shock therapy, some
sort of sweetheart deal for Israel, and maybe even breaking the country up into
three parts. The Washington Monthly's Who's Who of Neocons in Iraq helps explain
the extreme incompetence and possibly double-dealing of many in the CPA. Sept.
11 Commission member Philip Zelikow, who is close to the Bush administration,
admitted on Sept. 10, 2002, that the ulterior motive of the Bush administration
for the Iraq War was to "protect Israel," according to the Asian Times . I have
long been a trenchant critic of the Sadrists. But they haven't been up to
anything extraordinary as far as I can see in recent weeks. Someone in the CPA
sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and
issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like Yaqubi. This is either
gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be
guessed at. There is a classical logical fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc (Z
happens after X, therefore Z is caused by X), and I keep revising this posting
this evening because I don't want to fall into it. But sometimes, of course,
when Z happens after X it is because of X. So I may as well just come out with
it: It is pretty suspicious, given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the
upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada:
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant
Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group's
"striking arm" in Iraq. "I have said and I repeat my expression of solidarity
which Hassan Nasrallah called for to stand with Hamas," Shiite cleric Muqtada
al-Sadr said Friday in a reference to Nasrallah, the leader of the militant
Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah. Last month, Nasrallah announced that his party
would close ranks with Hamas. "Let (Hamas) consider me their striking arm in
Iraq because the fate of Iraq and Palestine is the same," al-Sadr said during a
Friday prayer sermon in Kufa, his home base south of Baghdad. He did comment on
what he meant by the phrase. ' And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was
suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization, and the
Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization, which
leaves 7 US soldiers dead. The Army is unlikely to forgive or forget; but who
provoked it and why? I'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the
consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing. Anthony Shadid of the
Washington Post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months
be for. Why were they suddenly acted on Saturday? 

i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out. 

I definitely could use a drink, actually a couple would probably do better.
Bryan, you're in, right? Anybody up for happy hour after work? I was thinking
Kenneally's at around 5. 

Let me know 

you don't know what that means? where did you grow up? india? 

boob out? should I be embarrassed that I haven't the slightest idea what that
means? 

i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested. jill allen
finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party. 

max and jen are looking for you. call them at 303-832-8160. they haven't heard
from you in a while. 

Work it into your speech-- something along the line of, "And Jen, you come from
great people and have fantastic friends. In fact Peder and I were remarking on
how agreeable they all are as the sucked on our balls last night. Fucking
bitches!" 

i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi. i am not looking foward to that but
don't tell val. the following weekend i will be ready to rock. 

i think they are all bark and no bite. i think they could get their asses kicked
by cats. they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk. you should
get a cockerspaniel. 

no, i am not kidding and no i don't want it b/c of the taco bell dog. i want it
b/c it is really small and cute. i knew someone in college who had one and i
loved it. why do you think they are mean? 

are you kidding? why would you want a chihuahua? those dogs aren't even
friendly. do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog? 

"Les Spahnn" <spahnn@hnks.com> 02/13/2001 08:02 PM All: It is my understanding,
from good sources in the Govs office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to
expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter
into direct access contracts. The premise with which the administartion is
acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone's right to bilateral
contracts quickly, it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must
break through. In other words the table is set. Deal your meal from where the
dishes are located. I.E. the Davis Administration wants to place all direct
access advocates in the position of having to justify why each and every party
should be the exception to the suspension rather than have a general rule
concerning how direct access should work for all parties. It clearly gives the
Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can
occur without having to say that they oppose direct access. Power be where power
lies. 

you aren't going in for the wedding until sunday now? 

I'm in 

Regards, 

Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy (Octel) 713.837.1638
(Client) 281.848.1619 (C) 713.306.7940 (H) 713.864.4149
Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com Our web address is http://www.accenture.com 

"Lenhart, Matthew" you guys want to watch the game at woodrows tomorrow? there
will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that
garden in the heights party later that night. plus we can be outside watching
it. This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged
or confidential information. If you have received it in error, please notify the
sender immediately and delete the original. Any other use of the email by you is
prohibited. just call me on my cell phone. i am going to happy hour after work
to eat and drink. 

what do you mean i am perverted? whatever, you're the perverted old man. 

you love it when i come over. i satisfy your appetitie for lovin. 

Robert Bryngelson@AZURIX 08/16/2000 12:05 PM I just wanted to send you a quick
note to let you know that I'm outta here! 

Today is my last day in the office here at Azurix, and in the coming months, I
will start in a new position as SVP in the LNG development group at El Paso
Energy. This happened very quickly, and I wanted to make sure that I let
everyone know before I left. I don't have any contact information yet for my new
job, but if you want to reach me, you can do so at RobBrnglsn@aol.com or at
713-664-7478. I enjoyed working with all of you during the past five years at
Enron / Azurix, and I wish you all of the best. Take care. 

Rob Bryngelson 

PS -- There is a happy hour tonight at Scudeiros on Dallas Street (just west of
the Met Garage) beginning around 5:00. If you can make it, please come! 

Traci Warner@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 PM Steve, Rod and Elyse
- Just wanted to confirm our meeting on Tuesday Aug 29th from 1:30 -2:30 to
discuss Uof H's endowment proposal. We will meeting Rod's office EB4054 

I look forward to seeing you all there. 

Sincerely, Traci Traci Warner Enron Broadband Services, Inc. Phone (713)
853-3242 Cell (713) 705-7201 

Kay Mann 04/26/2001 07:17 AM Will you be providing an execution version with
questions removed/blanks filled in? Please send it directly to
kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com, copy to me. 

Thanks, 

Thanks, 

Kay 

"paulhastings.com" made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55 We have
changed our e-mail address. Our new domain name is paulhastings.com. In most
cases, our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus
@paulhastings.com. Here are two examples: janesmith@paulhastings.com and
danjones@paulhastings.com. If you have any questions, please contact us at
noc@paulhastings.com. 

==============================================================================
"The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which
it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any
review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action
in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the
intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact
the sender and delete the material from all computers."
==============================================================================
Attached please find the GE Guarantee in Word format.? Also, we have attached a
pdf black-line of the Guarantee vs the form of guarantee in the Turbine
Contract. ? Do not hesitate to call us with any questions. ? Best regards. ?
______________________ John Staikos Direct Dial:? 203.961.7523 Direct Fax:?
203.674.7723 E-mail:? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com ? 

Sean Boyle 08/17/2000 11:21 AM I spoke to Bruce Garcey at NiMo regarding their
RFP. Bruce indicated NiMo short listed five companies who all bid higher than
ENA. However, he also mentioned we were a close sixth, that is close to the
fifth highest bid. He gave no indication on the value of the highest bid. He
also said that the other five companies making the short list all proposed
alternative structures to the proposed NiMo Tier Structure. NiMo released an
additional RFP for peaking supplies for this winter, I believe Phil should have
or be getting that RFP. Phil if you could please make copies and distribute
ASAP. Thanks, Sean Here you go. If you have any other questions, please let me
know. Scott Neal 08/16/2000 03:48 PM John Griffith@ENRON 08/15/2000 06:23 PM
SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 PM The information contained herein
is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that
it is accurate or complete. Nothing contained herein should be considered as an
offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments
discussed herein. Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.
As such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or
published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates. , 2000 Carr Futures 

The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com. (See attached file:
UnleadedStocks.pdf)(See attached file: CrudeStocks.pdf) (See attached file:
HeatingOilStocks.pdf)(See attached file: PADDIIstocksCL.pdf)(See attached file:
PADDIstocksHO.pdf)(See attached file: PADDIstocksHU.pdf)(See attached file:
API.pdf) - UnleadedStocks.pdf - CrudeStocks.pdf - HeatingOilStocks.pdf -
PADDIIstocksCL.pdf - PADDIstocksHO.pdf - PADDIstocksHU.pdf - API.pdf 

Marlene Hilliard 10/08/99 08:52 AM On or about September 23, 1999 a request for
service was placed by the above referenced counterparty. The request was for a
Intrastate Gas Transportation Agreement and 311 Gas Transportation Agreement.
These agreements were forwarded to the counterparty, CCNG, Inc.. On or about
October 6, 1999, Kelly Cloud, Senior Vice President of CCNG, Inc. (713)
235-1972, called and informed me that the counterparty should be CCGM, L.P..
Further, she informed me that Section 7 of the agreement, which reads in part:
Gas is free from liens and adverse claims of every kind, should be changed
because the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on HPL may and/or is
subject to liens. She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would
be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7.
Attached find the agreements for the necessary changes in Section 7. Kelly Cloud
has instructed me to call with any further questions. Thanks. 

Marlene D. Hilliard 

Ginny, Please see the attached guaranty. A clean and redlined version are
attached. I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language
concerning interest which we had both previously approved. We are OK to execute
this form. Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute. Thanks. 

"Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net> 03/27/2001 09:11 AM Puto, 

What's going on dude? Antigua was awesome. I survived it without a problem.
Heather moving in has been a different story. I didn't realize how much "stuff"
you could pack into a one bedroom apartment. How is your love life. The gal from
the wedding was pretty hot. Are you still chasing that? Lets get together soon.
Our extra bedroom is nicer now. My old bed got tossed in a dumpster. It smelled
like shit. 

Talk to you later GT 

How is it going? Did you survive the honeymoon? 

These look fine to me. Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready. 

Joan Woodson 08/10/2000 08:28 AM Enron Investment Partners Congratulations!
You've all won! 

...Now comes the fun part.... 

The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th!. 

Thanks to all who volunteered. You will remain as alternates. 

Analyst Team Participants: Analyst Team 1: Coach: Lisa Gilette Kristen Quinn,
Sarah Mulholland, Samuel Pak, Daniel Kang 

Analyst Team 2: Coach: Doug Sewell Jeffrey Synder, Ryan Hinze, Sheetal Patel,
Johnathan Anderson Associate Team Participants: 

Associate Team 1: Coach: Ben Markey Mary John, Russell Dyk, Webb Jennings,
Martin Gonzales 

Mixed A/ATeam 2: Coach: Melanie King Brandon Luna - Analyst, Bryan Hull -
Analyst, Eduardo Tellechea - Associate, Milson Mundim - Associate Alternates:
Heather Johnson, Usman Shaukat, Gerard Benitez, Matthew Almy, Travis Hanson WHO
WANTS TO HELP MILLIONS FOR UNITED WAY? We hope you do! 

How to Pledge: This year it is very easy to make your contribution. Simply type
in the following United Way link, http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to
Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address
field. Either option should take you directly to Enron's United Way 2000
Campaign site. PLEASE NOTE: Your pledge is to be made electronically - it only
takes minutes. No physical pledge cards. Questions: If you have any questions
regarding the pledging process, please contact Joan Woodson (3-5213), Bert
Frazier (3-5076) or Kathy Mayfield (3-3264). you know that both o'neal and matt
are out? 

Game tonight at 7, it's time to kick some ass. i have not gotten a good response
so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town. the weather is going to be
fine, hector was just blowing smoke. 

Christa Winfrey 08/08/2000 11:36 AM have you heard from anyone? also, what's the
deal with the weather this weekend? is it supposed to be storming? 

by the way, buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end. 

Your father never listens to me, what can I say? But, I'm very happy for you!
How are you? Any news on Aunt Toni? LU-M 

Glad to hear all is well. I meant to comment that I thought the people profiled
in the article should pull their heads out of their self important asses. It
isn't about finding the meaning of life at work. It is all about the $$$. Work
hard. Make $$$. Retire young. Things with me are great. Moving back to Calgary
in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back
but when opportunity knocks you gotta go. Take care. I don't hear from you in
months and then you level me with such a thought provoking, soul searching
article. Thanks for thinking of me to send it to. I really enjoyed reading it.
We certainly fit into certain parts of the article. There are a few life
theories like that which working through. Its all interesting stuff. 

How are things going with you? Are you enjoying Houston? 

London has been great. Brokering over here has been pretty rewarding. Traders
over here seem to have a lot more respect for other humans. Catriona is well and
has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR. 

Keep in touch, 

Mike 

Michael J. McDermott mjmcdermott@hotmail.com
_________________________________________________________________ Get your FREE
download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp 

For me it isn't about fulfillment or finding my life's purpose in my work. It's
all about the $$$. Work hard and retire early. 

Cheers 

Chris 

P.S. I am moving back to Calgary in about a month. Enron continues to feel free
to move me around at will. I am actually really looking forward to it. 

let's discuss next time we have amstel lights together. Jolene Harvey 05/22/2001
09:25 AM 

about our lifestyle... (See attached file: TEXT.htm) 

********************************NOTICE************************************* This
transmittal and/or attachments may be a confidential attorney-client
communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this
transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this
transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you have received this transmittal and/or
attachments in error, please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone
(call us collect at +1 212-848-8400) and immediately delete this message and all
its attachments. Thank you. - TEXT.htm << File: TEXT.htm >> I was thinking of
converting it to a hover vehicle. I might just sell the car and get you to drive
me around all winter. How about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the
back.. 

Lexus IS 300. Not sure if I am going to buy 17" or 16" wheels for the winter.
Jackass. 

You have always been on the move seeking affectionate, satisfying and harmonious
relationships. Your ultimate goal has been the realisation of an intimate union
in which there could be love, self-sacrifice and mutual trust. It has often been
said that "True love is just around the corner"...and maybe... if you haven't
found it as yet - you possibly soon will. In the past there have been .. and
maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without. You have now
decided to set your sights on a position or situation that could give you
greater prestige and which will afford you considerable self esteem. You wear
your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt
to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little
affection ... but take care... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt
in the past...and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment.. Whatever
you strive to do, something always seems to be holding you back. There is no
subterfuge in you. You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life, in a
relationship, is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can, together,
develop a foundation of trust based on understanding. You are your own person...
and you demand freedom of thought ...to follow your own convictions. You have no
interest in "two-timing" and all you seek is sincerity and "straight-dealing".
You wish to be left in peace... no more conflict and no more differences of
opinion ... In fact you just don't want to be involved in any arguments of any
shape or form ... All you want is for "them" to get on with it - and to leave
you alone.. 

John, 

sorry for not sending it to you earlier (totally forgot to open my outlook). Raw
data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right. 

Let me know if you have any questions. 

Vladi. Hey Vladi, 

Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo's
spread analysis? If you do would you send me a copy? Thanks. 

John 

Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all-employee meeting
today at 10 a.m. (CDT) at the Hyatt Regency Houston, Imperial Ballroom. If you
are located in London, Calgary, Toronto, Omaha, New York, Portland (ENA) or
Houston, you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting.
Constance, 

I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I didn't submit my
timesheet yet. I tried to do it on the HRonline web-site, but the procedure is
too complicated. Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department
mark the vacation time? I would really appreciate that. 

Thank you. 

Vladi Pimenov ext. 37625 

"McGilloway, Vangie" <Vangie.McGilloway@powersrc.com> 03/23/2001 10:13 AM Good
Morning Debra - I have attached a revised copy of the GISB Agreement and Special
Provisions for your review and consideration. I anticipate completing the review
of the Master Agreement form and submitting comments to you by Monday. In
addition, I received feedback from our Gas Desk that the access to the Gas
segment of Enron On-Line was cut off to CPS --- do you know who would handle
this at Enron that we can speak to? Greatly appreciate your prompt feedback to
this inquiry. I look forward to your feedback on the GISB. 

Regards, Vangie McGilloway Constellation Power Source, Inc. ("CPS") 111 Market
Place Ste 500 Baltimore,MD 21202 Phone 410-468-3798 Fax 410-468-3499 Email
vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com PS- Were you having phone system problems this
morning? Myself and Credit were calling in and none of the calls rolled into
voice mail (?). Further to our conversation, please see attached sample
agreements. Upon your review, please give me a call to discuss any questionsand
or issues you may have regarding this matter. (See attached file: Constellation
Power (GISB draft).doc)(See attached file: Sam3102.doc) Regards, Debra
Perlingiere - ENRON-CPS (GISB rev1).doc 

I have sent your question re on line trading to that area. They will contact
you. I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions. 

Best regards, 

Debra Perlingiere 

Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name
in the directory. Debra Perlingiere 

Please clarify "all" do you intend 10MM for ENA as well? Thx dp Debra
Perlingiere 

Revised Article 4.6 Debra Perlingiere 

The only agreement I can find is a Master Sale Spot w/ City of Springfield.
Please let me know if you need anything else. dp 

Debra Perlingiere 

Tammi, 

Attached is an image of the GISB. As you see it was CES acquired by ENA in asset
purchase. Please let me know how you would like to proceed. 

Best regards, Debra Perlingiere 

Debra Perlingiere 

Priscilla, 

I do not find the term "Alternate Transporter Imbalance" in our agreement.. The
term "Aggregate Transporter Imbalance" is located in several sections. Could
this be what your referencing? 

Regards, Debra Perlingiere 

See attached revised Article 4.6 Masters below. 

Dp 

Debra Perlingiere Gerald Nemec These look fine to me. Go ahead and forward to
Brant if you are ready. 

Debra Perlingiere 03/27/2001 01:58 PM Revised Article 4.6 Debra Perlingiere
Kathleen, 

You are correct, I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review
before sending execution papers. Best regards, Debra Perlingiere 

4105SF 

Debra Perlingiere 

Jill: As discussed, attached is a GISB draft for Pioneer. As you can see there
are several blanks concerning administrative information for ENA Upstream. I was
able to secure a Duns# and Fed Tax ID however, I am lacking Fax and bank account
numbers. Do you have this information? 

Dp 

Debra Perlingiere 

Debra Perlingiere Jeffrey T Hodge 03/29/2001 09:01 AM Rudwell
Johnson/ENRON@enronXgate 03/28/2001 05:09 PM Jeff! 

Please find attached a credit worksheet for a Master Firm contract for the above
mentioned counterparty. Please complete agreement and forward to counterparty.
Thanks Rudwell 53596. Cindy, 

Please forward a copy of the J.M. Huber Corporation Guaranty to my attention.
The Guaranty is dated August 1, 2000. 

Thanks!! 

Debra Perlingiere 

They are taking delivery in the U.S. 

Debra Perlingiere 

Visit, 

Thanks for your message. Can you send me the data you used: I shall take a look
at it. 

Vince 

Dear All, My mane is Visit Phunnarungsi. I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about
the advice on his article "The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing
Electricity Derivatives" and he had mailed me the copy. I am now modelling the
Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump
Diffusion Model and have followed your paper "Making the most of mean reversion"
to estimate the mean reversion speed. I use Queensland half-hourly price during
13 December, 1998-30 June 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations. However,
the result from Ordinary Least Squares was not as expected due to different sign
for both slope & intercept. The coefficient and standard error are as followed:
Intercept: -0.3931 (0.0076) Slope: 0.1171 (0.0022) R Square: 0.0585 Therefore I
could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the
positive sign. I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same. It
would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter. Kindest regards,
Visit Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << File:
'http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_EN.asp' >> Chris, 

Plz contact Shirley Crenshaw (X 3-5290) regarding a copy of an article. Vince 

Traci, 

Thanks. This is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face. Vince 

Vince - Thanks for the message regarding a possible intern for your group. Right
now, we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer
needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year. Until we
have come up with those numbers it would be premature to make any offers for the
summer. What I would like to do in this case is get the information to Jeff
Davis, who is responsible for Georgia Tech and ask him to get Sungjoo's resume
and start a file on him with a notation that you would like to hire him for
summer. When we start the summer process, we will interview the candidate and
slot him for your group. 

Is this okay with you? 

Hope all is well with you Take Care Traci Traci, 

I have visited Georgia Tech on Thursday. One of the students indicated that he
is interested in a summer internship. He came across as a very bright person,
very personable. I can take him as a summer intern. 

Vince 

Dear Dr. Vincent Kaminski, 

Hi. How are you doing? I hope you have a good flight back to home. It was a good
opportunity to know about Enron and its finance sector. Thank you for your time.

I have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk.
However, you ask me to send a copy of resume and cover letter again. Those
attachments are what I was asked. Again, it was a good chance for me to get to
know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school. I
am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day. Thank you. 

************************************************ Sungjoo Lee Stochastic
Processes and Simulation in Finance Georgia Institute of Technology School of
Industrial and Systems Engineering E-mail address: goldconn@isye.gatech.edu
gte114t@prism.gatech.edu Home : 404-449-1026 Office: Coming Soon!
************************************************ - Lisa_coverletter.doc << File:
Lisa_coverletter.doc >> - Lisa_resume.doc << File: Lisa_resume.doc >> FYI 

Vince 

P.S. Tom, Please, contact Vernon and get the details. 

Renee, 

I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology. Scott Neal
and Tom Martin would like to attend as well. This afternoon at 2 PM or later
would work for us. Please let me know what time we could meet. 

Thank you, 

Phillip 

Phillip, 

This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year
following the termination event. The way the tax law works, the tax basis for
your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day
preceding notification to the transfer agent. As such, we will distribute net
shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to
notifying the transfer agent. We will be distributing the shares reflected on
your 9/30/01 statement (6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares). If you
would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check, we can distribute gross
shares. Please let me know you preference. 

As you know, we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from
NTRC to Hewitt. As such, we have a CPA, Larry Lewis, working with us to audit
and set up transition files. He has become our department expert on the PSA
account (much more knowledgeable than myself) and the various plan provision
amendments. If you would like, we can set up a conference call with you, myself,
and Larry to go over the payment methodology. Please let me know a date and time
that is convenient for you. 

Thanks, 

Renee 

Renee, 

Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units. It is
clear that the payment will be made in shares. However, I still don't understand
which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares.
The plan document under VII. Amount of Benefit Payments reads "The value of the
shares, and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron
Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment
shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock." Can you help me interpret
this statement and work through the numbers on my account. 

Thank you, 

Phillip Allen 

Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline. I am expecting to pay
something in the $3,to $5,000 range. I would like to see the quotes and a
description of the work to be done. It is my understanding that some rock will
be removed and replaced with siding. If they are getting quotes to put up new
rock then we will need to clarify. Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount
on the release. If the negotiations stall, it seems like I need to go ahead and
cut off the utilities. Hopefully things will go smoothly. 

Phillip 

Attendees: Pam Butler Renee Ratcliff Larry Lewis Tom Martin Scott Neal Phillip
Allen 

Greg, I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the
Nimitz post office. The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let
me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem
had both sold. Let me know what you think of this property. Also, let me know of
any other ideas about replacement property. 

Phillip 

Jim, 

Take a look at this spreadsheet. I tried to calculate the IRR on the port
Aransas and Roma post offices. Is this how your clients usually evaluate these
properties? The Roma deal looks much better. 

Phillip Mery, 

This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting. We
should be able to work with this. 

Phillip 

Hope you enjoy the posts and feel free to jump in anywhere. 

Hope to see you soon! 

The Alaskan Knight 

All you have to do is sign up for one free offer (such as efax) and then cancel
within the offer time frame. Absolutely free. 

Email: franz371...@gmail.com Site made! and it seems this is the FIRST site of
ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments
Reply 

Email: davidr...@optonline.net Groups: alt.animals.breeders.rabbits,
alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.crab, alt.animals.dog,
alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum, alt.animals.dolphins,
alt.animals.eagle.bald, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.falcon 

This message was cancelled from within Mozilla. 

I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google. Check these out: 

"...there is no companion quite so devoted, so communicative, so loving and so
mesmerizing as a rat." ~CGoehring 

for Books that Speak for Themselves.... 

Interested in audiobooks? Come visit irc server: irc.yankeedot.net and join
#audiobooks for sharing, discussion and a great trivia game! large selection of
fiction, science fiction and best sellers. 

for Books that Speak for Themselves.... 

Interested in audiobooks? Come visit irc server: irc.yankeedot.net and join
#audiobooks for sharing, discussion and a great trivia game! large selection of
fiction, science fiction and best sellers. 

Based on specific intelligence inputs, Army arrested Ghulam Mohiuddin Lone, a
LeT man, from Doda district. During the preliminary interrogation, Lone
'confessed' his involvement in the blasts and gave several vital clues. The
India Diaries 

Truly a moment that speaks for itself. He-he. 

_____ 

Visit Capt. Spastic's Joke List for all the information and options: <> Capt.
Spastic's Demented World is located at: <> Outlook.jpg 39K Download 

$5250 Deposited Directly to your PayPal account! Try our ultimate program that
will generate a blast of $10 and $8 payments deposited directly to your PayPal
account. All you have to do is become a member and watch your earnings grow! 

Thank you for helping us to sell out of our first issue, now let your friends
and local news organizations know that a delicious reprint, with a hot spanking
new cover by Greg Mannino, is available for order on our website. Share the
love! 

The end of the year is a time for compiling statistics - and according to the
World Conservation Union (IUCN), the year 2003 has been bad news for plants and
non-human animals, with many species now closer to extinction than ever before.
s Animal News Center Webmaster 

Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK. He
has also had to pay the £15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get
the cash to him as soon as poss ible. Thanks 

See you climbing later 

Lizzie 

I apologize for the following inconvenience, but I have decided to move this
group to Yahoo, so that we can post files and photos and other useful things. So
please update whatever you need to and go to 

Again I apologize, but it'll be better over there. 

R.E. Glenn 

Email: franz371...@gmail.com lol, last news message came out kinda weird, i was
trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text iwas supposed to
put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet... but i'll add
the links soon sry. Reply 

Dan I for one was very happy to hear about your quitting smoking. I've never
been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker, but I'm an over-eater & so I know
how hard it is to change a habit. Good luck w/it & will pray for you to have the
willpower to be smoke-free :) 

Email: "Ryan Reynolds"<rreynol...@cogeco.ca> Groups:
alt.animals.breeders.rabbits 

I would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking
parakeets that are not just mimicking, but actually talking in sophisticated
conversational language. This is a major breakthrough in the animal intelligence
field and a must see/hear for every animal intelligence enthusiast.
http://www.budgieresearch.com 

Email: franz371...@gmail.com November 22th 2005 I got these pictures from tgs,
look at all of them if you have time, they're preety cool...
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050920111900_21big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_21big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_32big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_39big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_42big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_41big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_40big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_15big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_2big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050909152208_14big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917024918_1big.html 

btw, they're all from 4gamer. 

Reply 

Email: "Sean Figaro"<sfig...@houston.rr.com> Groups: alt.animals.cat 

I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies, he
is the youngest at 3 years old black, long hair, incredibly friendly. He comes
with everything, litter box, carrier, ect. Needs good family in Houston or
surronding area, needs lots of attention, very loving. 

Email: "Julie"<julie...@bellsouth.net> Groups: alt.animals.cat 

Like you said "the kids egg him on". maybe too much . Sounds like your cat is
stressed out . Maybe he doesn't want to play when they want to.. He didn't take
a dislike to the kids for "no" reason! cats react to the treatment they receive,
they are not toys. maybe the cat needs a "new' home.........Julie 

I am looking for people who would like to play D&D 3.5 and live in or around the
Chillicothe, OH area. We have two people so far, and I am able to DM...although
DM's are welcome. The games will have to take place on Fri, Sat, or Sun. Please
let me know if this sounds good, and if you have any question, please ask. Thank
you very much and we hope to hear from you soon! 

Email: BBC Breaking News Alert <dailyem...@ebs.bbc.co.uk> The former Iraqi
leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom, in protest at
how his trial is being conducted. 

For more details: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news
------------------------------------------------ 

This e-mail is never sent unsolicited. You have received this BBC Breaking News
Alert because you subscribed to it or, someone forwarded it to you. To
unsubscribe (or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you) go to:
http://www.bbc.co.uk/email 

[http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/space/2005-03-09-nasa-search_x.htm?csp=34]

While there have been spasms of speculation about the Bush administration naming
a replacement for O'Keefe, no nominee has been declared. Shuttle veteran and
longtime NASA executive Fred Gregory is temporarily at the helm of the
18,000-person agency. It looks like the future of space exploration might as
well be with the space tourists . Very sad too since NASA's astronaut's may not
fly in the next five years. -- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 3/9/2005
11:16:00 PM 

Hello dear list members, 

The multiple planetary afflictions are taking their toll. Currently, Mercury and
Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu. In
Pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit Venus in the
fourth house by FMs Rahu and Mercury, natal Saturn and Venus are also under the
close affliction of transit Rahu. This has resulted in a major rail accident in
Pakistan involving three trains and involving more than 300 deaths. In Indian
national chart besides the transit affliction to transit Mercury by Rahu and
Venus the natal Saturn and Venus are also under the transit affliction of Rahu
which has resulted into floods in many parts of the country taking toll of human
lives, properties, etc. V K Choudhry 

Email: "The Cat Album"<thecatal...@hotmail.com> Groups: alt.animals.cat 

- U P D A T E D - 

-Page 71, 72 and 73 with 48 new pictures of cats and kittens are added to The
Cat Album today. Take a look !!! Now more than 1100 pictures. 

www.thecatalbum.com 

If you are new to "The Cat Album" I can tell you that you'll find more than 1100
pictures of cute cats at this site. Most of them are of high quality.You'll also
find some stories. The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in
their own pictures and get them added to the album.That way we'll all be part of
building a huge archive of cat pictures. And if you send me a story, that would
be great to! Please join our growing family !!!! :-) 

http://www.thecatalbum.com 

purrs 

Runar 

Email: "Andre"<webmas...@globelingerie.com> Heh, yep, I like to wear silk
chemises, panties even stockings with garter belt. I feel great in it. First
time I started wearing woman's lingerie I was very young. I didn't fought is it
good or not than. Later on I red somewhere that it's seakness. I was ashamed to
be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it's not seakness as well
as women wearing men's pants isn't seak :) Now I have wife and son. My wife know
my harmless secret and supports me. So, I'm Men and love to wear women's
lingerie :-). http://lingerie.selectedsex.com 

Email: "TJO"<ded69...@hotmail.com> There nothing wrong with men dressing in
lingerie, when I get home at night the first thing I do is change into a nice
silky nightgown or nightie, love the feel. 

Email: Adelia Smith <adorabledelia6...@gmail.com> Today's Article 

Frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of
discount in the airfare. It is easy to get discount airfare for them since they
travel very frequently. Cheap air tickets for Corporate 

Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some
of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get
from the airlines. Corporate plans are clubbed with other services through some
agencies to provide better service for their staff. Promotional discount airfare

Some countries like Malaysia and Singapore promote trading for foreign visitors
during some part of the year. During this period, they offer cheap air tickets
to their country on certain flights. 

If you can check with the other airlines during this period, you may get
excellent discount airfare, which may even surprise you. COMPLETE ARTICLE AT:
http://discountairlineticket.blogspot.com/2005/10/some-techniques-to-... 

Several years ago I developed a short paper and pencil screening test which, in
a small pilot study, discriminated between ADHD, LD, and control subjects. I
recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger
population and, subsequently, to make it available to any one who has access to
a computer and the Internet. The test itself is what is called a substitution
test. It has two parts, both of which are timed for 90 seconds each and the
differential between the resulting two scores determines the likelihood of
having a learning disability or attention deficit disorder. I am in need of test
subjects and hope you will take it. The test, along with an information form, is
available at: . I think a test like this one is much needed. A person can take
it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a
lengthy program intensive test like TOVA. Perhaps you are willing to recommend
this site and, if you have a website, place a link on your website. 

are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ? i dont know
what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying
urge to torture or maime animals. i am deadly serious, i really do get sexual
releif from even hearing of torture of animals, now some people may call me a
brute or a coward but i cant help my true feelings. badger baiting is natrually
a huge turn on, so i thought a few words in this group might uncover some mutual
enthusiasts. sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my
request is genuine. ----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited-Uncensored-Secure
Usenet News==---- The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World! >100,000 Newsgroups
---= 19 East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption =---

----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited-Uncensored-Secure Usenet News==----
The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World! >100,000 Newsgroups ---= 19
East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption =--- 

Greetings. My name is Bill Gottlieb: I'm a freelance journalist specializing in
health, with 30 years experience. I'm the author of three books (including the
1.3 million seller ALTERNATIVE CURES) and hundreds of magazine articles, and
worked for 20 years at Rodale Press, as a writer and as editor-in-chief of
Prevention and Rodale Books. Currently, I am writing a book on natural
supplements to aid weight loss, with Harry Preuss, MD, a Professor of Medicine
at Georgetown University; it is scheduled for publication by Broadway (Random
House) in January 2007. I am seeking anecdotes (first name, last initial) from
dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss;
the therapeutic agents under discussion include HCA, MCT, green or oolong tea
extract, CLA, chromium, starch-blockers, chitosan, 5-HTP, hoodia and caralluma,
HMB, and BCAA. If you've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight
loss, please write me at gottlie...@yahoo.com and let me know, telling me about
your experience. Thank you for your time and attention. Warm regards, Bill
Gottlieb 

Once upon a time (in 2001, to be specific), the Coca-Cola corporation built a
bottling plant in a small and remote Indian village in the state of Kerala. In
exchange for sucking vast amounts of water out of the local land, the mighty
corporation promised to bring the people great wealth. But within a few short
months, the village people began to notice their wells were running dry, so they
complained to the corporation. Coca-Cola calmed the concerns of the people and
attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free
fertilizer, saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams.
After several years of use, we arrive at the present day when the village people
have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant's waste
sludge and is laden with cadmium, a highly toxic, cancer-causing heavy metal.
The village soil and water are now too heavily contaminated to safely occupy
human life, so the plant was shut down last week. Moral of the story: Don't
drink Coke..........drink Pepsi! Just kidding, Pepsi is actually in the process
of being thrown out of India for similar crimes, as well. 

The Greater New Orleans Fair Housing Action Center (GNOFHAC) filed a housing
discrimination complaint against the Housing Authority of New Orleans (HANO)
last week. The complaint, filed with the United States Department of Housing and
Urban Development, accuses HANO of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement
entered into between former St. Thomas Housing Development residents, the City
of New Orleans, HANO, and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
during the HOPE VI redevelopment of St. Thomas, now known as River Garden. The
current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas
residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River
Garden per the 2003 agreement. Upon return to New Orleans after the Hurricane
Katrina evacuation, former residents have been informed that there are no
available public housing units at River Garden because those units have been
reserved for HANO employees. Therefore, public housing residents have been
unable to secure the units for which they qualified prior to the storm and are
left homeless, as a result. "In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, affordable
housing in New Orleans is more scarce than ever. As such, it is essential that
HANO comply with 2003 enforcement agreement," said James Perry, GNOFHAC
Executive Director 

Crude-oil prices rose Wednesday as strengthening Hurricane Rita, now a Category
5 storm, threatened to disrupt oil production in the Gulf of Mexico. New York's
main contract, light sweet crude for delivery in November rose 60 cents to close
at 66.80 dollars per barrel. In London, the price of Brent North Sea crude for
November delivery advanced 53 cents to 64.73 dollars. After brushing the Florida
Keys islands on Tuesday, Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it
headed across the Gulf of Mexico. The US National Hurricane Center said Rita was
"extremely dangerous" and could become a top-level category five storm on the
Saffir-Simpson scale. The storm threatened oil installations in the Gulf of
Mexico where about one-quarter of US oil operations are based. Oil companies
evacuated offshore facilities as the storm's progress kept global markets on
tenterhooks. In Texas, BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon
shut its 72,000 bpd plant. Valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd
Texas City refinery and its 85,000 bpd Houston refinery. Exxon Mobil released
nonessential staff from two giant Texas plants. Last month, Katrina devastated
refineries in Louisiana and Mississippi and sent prices to a record high of
70.85 dollars a barrel. please support the link bellow which is excelnt ,thank
for your click and attention: 

[http://www.newscientistspace.com/article.ns?id=dn8293&feedId=human-spaceflight_atom03]
(New Scientist Space) NASA is looking to private companies to launch both
supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station, it announced this
week. [...] 

"It's not cost-effective doing station flights while at the same time focusing
on getting back to the Moon," says Brett Alexander, vice-president of
Transformational Space, one of the companies hoping to launch astronauts to the
ISS. NASA intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010, which only leaves it
with 18 flights towards the ISS. Outsourcing these responsibilities would be a
wise alternative, considering the accomplishments of the private sector
regarding the space elevator . Although some may praise this as an opportunity
for the private sector to finally serve the public good, NASA seems hesitant
about turning over the reigns to the corporate world. 

(New Scientist Space) On 3 November, NASA administrator Michael Griffin told the
US house science committee that the agency expects to invest about $500 million
in the commercial cargo and crew project over five years. "That kind of a
financial incentive [...] will be sufficient to allow substantial providers to
emerge," Griffin said. 

"I hope that industry, if put to the test, can do better [than the government],
but I do not expect it," Griffin added. Only time will reveal whether Griffin's
expectations are either exceeded or confirmed. But seeing how the private sector
has been able to successfully transport civilians to the ISS (at about a fifth
of the cost), it would come to no surprise if corporate America was able to out
perform their bureaucratic friends in government. 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 AM 

[http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/national/apmideast_story.asp?category=1107&slug=Palestinians%20Abbas]
Normally this author is semi-objective (what blogger is) but on the
Seattlepi.com (see source link) Palestinian Leader Mahmoud Abbas has demanded
that Israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border (which
includes East Jerusalem by the way). One thing is certain for sure. If Abbas
keeps up this "macho talk" he will kill potential peace talks and might as well
allow Hamas (which has probably done a better job at providing for the
Palestinians) rule the West Bank. 

AP Photo/Nasser Nasser Interim Palestinian leader and the front-runner in the
upcoming Jan. 9, 2005 presidential election Mahmoud Abbas talks during his first
official campaign speech in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Saturday Dec. 25,
2004. Cloaking himself in Yasser Arafat's legacy, Abbas pledged to fulfill
Palestinian dreams of statehood. 

It seems that the Palestinian leadership (upcoming) will not be a peace partner
with Israel. He is already demanding claims that Israel said no to not only the
world, but to Arafat himself. Listing his priorities, Abbas told supporters of
the ruling Fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people
and continue the struggle against Israel's partially completed West Bank
barrier. Abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of Palestinian
refugees and their descendants. Abbas, a refugee himself from what is today the
northern Israeli city of Safed, called the refugee issue "very important and
very dangerous." Having personally visited the West Bank and Israel, I can say
that this new political voice is threatening to collapse the peace process. If
Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser
Arafat, then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will
ultimately suffer. Selah! 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 PM 

[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4281450.stm] 

(Hat Tip: Captains Quarters ) (BBC) The Palestinian militant organisation Hamas
has announced an end to rocket attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip after a
weekend of escalating violence. Up to 40 rockets had been fired at Israel, weeks
after its military withdrew from the territory. 

In response to the rockets, Israel resumed its policy of targeting militant
leaders in air strikes. Authorised by Ariel Sharon to make "unrestricted"
strikes, its military launched new missile attacks overnight. It looks as if
Hamas has thrown in the towel for this round, unable to take the beating the
Israeli Defense Forces have unleashed upon this terrorist group. Mahmoud Zahar,
Hamas's leader declared the cease fire after Israel killed it's former leader,
Muhammed Sheikh Khalil . Hamas has become rather unpopular in Gaza, as many see
the Israeli air strikes as a response towards the rocket attacks upon Israeli
soil. Egypt had a role to play as they convinced Hamas to end the attacks,
although the same can not be said of Islamic Jihad . (Jerusalem Post) "We're not
happy with Hamas's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation
against the Palestinians," commented Khader Habib, a senior Islamic Jihad
official. "But it seems that Hamas has its own political agenda." [...] 

"The problem is not with the Palestinian resistance groups but with Israel's
scheme to destroy the Palestinians' infrastructure," Habib said. "Hamas remains
targeted by Israel, as in the past, and the Israeli occupation does not need
excuses to pursue its aggression. Israel wants to drive the Palestinians toward
civil war." Islamic Jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire, and hopes to
turn the Gaza strip "into a vast battlefield." Unless President Mahmoud Abbas
steps in, Gaza will probably look like a battle field by the time Israel is done
reminding Hamas of their critical error, although currently the only thing Abbas
is doing is lashing out and refusing to take responsibility for his inability to
act. -- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 9/26/2005 08:14:00 PM 

Iguazu is a big or a small country? 

Iguazu is NOT a country....Iguazu is in Argentina :) 

How much is a big mac in your country? 

$5.76 For the Combo Meal!! :-) \\// 

What foods do you eat in Miramar? 

Argentinian foods of course, LMAO. lol! 

seafood 

you mean miramar florida theyy have good seafood there 

Have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment.? 

...Nope and I am proud of it...because my teacher havent taught us that yet... 

Can you recommend any restaurants in Buenos Aires? 

I will be vacationing there 

Yes. There are several just off their beautiful beach. Enjoy yourself my friend
!! 

does teacher's camp in baguio also accomodate even 1 person??cos ill be going to
baguio alone and i have tight? 

http://www.couchsurfing.org/ try couch surfing po. 

What influenced Picasso's cubism style of painting? 

i've seen that.......that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced
not what influnced cubism 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cubism 

What do you eat in Miramar? 

Food like the stuff they eat in Spanish countries like tacos, beans, rice, pork,
steak, ect. Try googling it for more info :) 

Anyone know of any HHa training in Delaware ? 

I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware
anyone know how I can get certified in delaware? 

Any information about CRAZY HORSE SCULPTURE? 

any? I assume you mean the crazy horse memorial. they have their own website
which you can easily find using any search engine.
http://www.google.com/search?aq=0&oq=crazy+horse+mem&gcx=w&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=crazy+horse+memorial

How to prepare a silicon rubber mould for human statue of size 375mm in height?

Here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials
http://www.smooth-on.com/p132/Beginner-Brushable-Mold-Rubber-Options/pages.html
It is a starting place to look 

How many days will speed post take to reach from Delhi to Mumbai? 

Give it three days barring Sundays and holidays. 

3 TO 4 DAYS if you are lucky on average it takes about 6 days. 

like 2day 

What is the nearest National Park to Birmingham, UK? 

The Peak District (Derbyshire) is the closest. The South Shropshire Hills are
far closer. They are not a national park, but are extremely beautiful.
www.visitsouthshropshire.co.uk 

Trivia! When was Miramar founded? 

I'll give best answer for the first person who gets it right! 

September 20, 1888? 

It was incorporated as a city on May 26, 1955. 

Miramar was founded September 20 1888. 

Do people Bare-knuckle box in Ireland? 

Certain elements of the travelling community engage in this activity, but
overall no not really. 

Er, no? 

some members of the traveler community bare knuckle box.other than that i don't
know. 

What are some GOOD 18+ clubs in the bay area? 

For today saturday Nov 5th. preferably in San Jose, Palo Alto, San Francisco.. I
want to party hardy for my birthday :) 

when you turn 21 you can party any were you want 

I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around... what should I do with them? 

They bulk up too much space 

I gave mine to a rest home for senior citizens and an old soldiers' home. 

Covert into DVD. 

give them to a library or burn them. 

is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat? 

i could call him r2 for short 

I have a cat named GummiBear, so no, R2D2 is not a stupid name. 

its your cat you can pick and name you want 

Hell no. Thats a great name. Kudos. 

What to do in San Rafael Ca? 

okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot.. what
are fun things to do around there? like any lounges? im 15 btw 

what about downtown...? like 4th street and stuff ? 

Which of these do you like: McDonalds, Burger King, Taco Bell, Wendys? 

Burger King it seems like I'm at a real restaurant like Applebees, their food is
usually that good 

McDonals the best for me 

the one i like the most would be wendy's. 

would someone give me some information about migratory birds in punjab ? 

actually i have an project on it so please give meas much as you have
information about migratory birds in punjab 

I don't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find
help at this site: http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html

What is the dress code for males at Del Frisco's Philadelphia? 

My boyfriend's birthday is November 22nd and we are going to Del Frisco's for
dinner. I was unsure of what he should wear, it says business casual but that
can be interpreted in many different ways. Please help. 

5233-NT 

information on the Eurostar train? 

can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is
the Eurostar located No under 12's. People aged 13-17 may be allowed to travel
alone at Eurostar's discretion - you should email them for a decision. Eurostar
runs from London St Pancras station. 

What is the dress code for females at Del Frisco's Philadelphia? 

I will be going to Del Frisco's in late November for dinner and I was wondering
what the dress code is for a female. It says business casual but I know this can
be interpreted in many ways. Please help. 

5765-NTKB you can view at dresscod.com 

Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the
Natzi stole them? 

google nazi stolen art recovery...Out of the 650k est stolen works of art by the
Nazis...70k still remain missing..and there are thousands in musems that haven't
been returned to their right full owners and heirs.. 

Miramar? are they just making these places up? 

Well you say Miramar I say Piramar MIRAMAR PIRAMAR Lets call the whole thing
off. 

Miramir is for real, but there are alot that make you wonder. 

There are way more stranger names in the U.S for areas than Miramar. i think
Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something. He deserved respect 

Anyone have a good recipe for an empanada cordobes? 

How about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of Argentina? 

Yes. Here it is right here. 1 cup of empanadas 1 cup of arabes 1 cup of other
empanadas 1 cup of from that area of Argentina MIX IT ALL UP THEN POOP IN IT The
End 

It's just like cooking kidney, just boil the piss out of it 

I sent a phone to Mobile Phone Exchange and it failed a test due to lost or
stolen what should I do? 

I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do?

Buy a new phone 

hope they don't call the police and arrest you its illegal to sell stolen
property, even if you don't know its stolen. 

Erm ya How can I watch Fair City Online in England lols? 

Ya can't. They don't show it on RTE Player 

You can't but here's an update: The doctor is about to discover the affair
between her husband and Jo (who has become her new best friend). Deco is still
with Caoimhe. Suzanne is pregnant. Hope you don't miss it too much. 

Im in school for photography and i want to work in forensic so what else do i
need to do.? 

Sciences - principally biology but also chemistry. 

You need a background in law enforcement. It's not enough to have photography
skills. Talk to your academic adviser, see what they recommend. 

certainly not "normal" photography... forensic photography is about the facts:
http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=forensic+photography&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1

Was the iPhone the first Smart Phone? 

I'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first
Smart Phone. Was it? 

Technically, blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games
and stuff. But iPhone was the first "Officiol" touch screen smart phone. 

No, it wasn't. But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone. 

Canon sx40 or canon s100 ? 

Which one should i get ? Its prettty much the same $$$ , please advice
!?????!!!! 

Go with the S100. It's more compact, ISO 6400 capability (SX40 only 3200),
faster lens at f/2 and the SX40 only f/2.7. Both have full 1080 video with
stereo recording, so that doesn't matter. The S100 has a slightly larger screen
and the new digic 5 processor. 

Passport needed for international boat cruise? 

I am going on a private boat cruise with my friends from Florida. Will stay in
the waters for few days. Will we need a passport? 

If you are unsure whether or not you need your passport then Faz will be able to
help! 

uh, where? just in the water? 

depends where u are going. If your in the USA and venture into Cuba then u need
a passport 

How can i get Weed in Auckland? 

Can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland. Give me an
address or something please idk. Getting real frustrated now aye. Thanks 

You've already asked this. Anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy. 

Why would someone post the location of a dealer in a public place? You're an
idiot. 

Drop by my house, I can get you some real cheap. 

What is this irish tune called!? 

Its a Reel and i have danced to it before..I should have asked then but i didn't
the only line i remember is de lunde bar..or something like that.. does anybody
know which song i am talking about? 

With no link provided it is hard to say. Try googling it or type it into youtube
you might get lucky. 

Link? 

if its a reel then its scottish 

Help findin a restaurant for anniversary in SF? 

It's my two year anniversary in a few days and was wondering if somone could
tell me about a great restaurant in sf or other nearby cities 

I like Hayes Street Grill....another plus, it's right by Civic Center, so you
can take a romantic walk around the Opera House, City Hall, Symphony
Auditorium...all very beautiful. 

Prime Ribs its kind of expensive though 

What would happen if you flew the flag of South Vietnam in Modern day Vietnam? 

It would be similar to flying the flag of the Third Reich in modern day Germany
or in Israel. You would be violating the law. The police would make you take it
down and you may face fines and imprisonment (but definitely not execution.) You
will also face the ire of most people there. 

They might be imprisoned or executed 

Yes, it would be an execution punishment. 

Wellington sign poll. Where do we vote? If anyone else has voted? 

Where do we vote? Obviously because i want to vote. And if anyone else has
voted, what did you guys vote for? 

It closed on Sunday... You voted on the Dominion Posts website. The top two are
going 'head to head' in a final vote on that opens on Wednesday on -
http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/ 

They should have one for the All Blacks winning. Wellywood looks rather cheap
and tacky 

air asia flight attendant? 

Good day,I'm a foreigner living in malaysia, german citizen,21 years of age, I
was wondering if air asia recruits foreigners?thanks I've tried calling them a
week ago,they said they can't give me those details over the phone, or let me
know,keep asking me to go to some website,but there's nothing useful on it 

Write (or call) an Asian airline directly and get the answer immediately. 

What kind of Meal do peopel in Argentina have? 

I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for
breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And what is their big/ main meal of the day. Like
in America dinner is our main meal. and around what time they eat each of their
meals. 

Edible ones, I hope - beef, pork, chicken, fish... Why not look it up! 

they eat lots of grilled meat,chorizo,and such,with potatoes 

why do i want to do work experience at an animal center? 

reasons plllz 

How are strangers supposed to know why YOU want to do that sort of job? Just
make a list of reasons why you like the job and do a little bit of internet
searching to see what people have to say about being in the job. Hope you find
out soon :) 

you should work that out before applying. 

maybe it's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just can't be ha[[y if
you weren't soing that job 

Cheap restraunts close to Orchestra Hall in Chicago? 

For a field trip with my orchestra, we are going to the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra. Before that, we are turned loose to get dinner. Being a suburban
teenager, I don't really know where is cheap, safe, and close to orchestra hall
(220 South Michigan Ave.) Does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within
walking distance where I can't get lost? 

I don't know. Maybe if you post the question again, someone will give you a good
answer. 

Does Crack Barrel ban employees from having tattoos? 

I'm suppose to start a job at Cracker Barrel, but I can't risk losing the job
because I have two visible tattoos on my arm. If you know or work there could
you enlighten me? 

Why don't you phone another location and ask♥ 

I don't think they ban if the tats aren't offensive and you should make them not
noticeable at the time of the interview but once you got the job there nothing
they can really say if so you have a sue/case against them 

Privacy in kerala,help pls..? 

i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf..in kerala..in which all places in
kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love..pls help .thank you 

house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and The RAVIZ in
kollam @ da syd f Ashtamudi Lake in kollam 

Houseboat in Kerala is a good option for you, all the best!!! 

Try Varkala, its a ammazing and is by the beach. People are open minded thr
since the place is frequented by Firangs. 

I have a male and female cockatiel, and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the
cage, will they hatch? 

Most likely not, if there is not a bird sitting on the eggs. 

This is hard to tell. Cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well. Just because
you have a male and female, it cannot be guaranteed the two mated. You can try
picking up the eggs and holding it up against a very bright light. If you see a
dark spot in the egg, that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for
properly. Have fun. 

Why is the city called Miramar? 

I'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities
with different and unique names like Miramar so it's just a name. 

There's lots of towns called Miramar, it'd help alot if you listed a state or
some sort of context you're looking for it in. Here's two examples: There's a
Miramar in Florida, just north of Miami. There's also a Miramar in California,
the site of a rather large Air Force Base...Miramar California is a bit north of
San Diego. 

Boy trouble????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 

ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentines day
afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of theguys i like and one guy
lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guys help
what shoul i do? amd i like 2 guys 

well id just come straight out and tell them how you feel it may sound like a
bad idea but in the end they might feel the same 

just saying most men suck ! whose better looking ? cant decide ask friends good
luck 

is gare montparnasse storage still available? 

is it still available? because i have read that there are times its not
available. if its not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage?
im traveling to lourdes for a day ty 

Hi, Yes storage for your luggages is still available at Gare Montparnasse. Pay
attention, altough there are automatic storage, you can only pay with coins
(they're now installing some where you'll be able to pay with credit card, but
it's sporadic now. Price:3,40 Euros, 5 Euros or 7,5 Euros (1) for a 72 heures
lenght. 

i wanna meet girls from san francisco i am from mexico? 

i am from mexico traveling to san francisco california one week i wanna meet
american girls there where i can find them? they r open mind for talk?they will
talk to me if i am mexican? 

You can find American girls all over the city. As long as you are a gentleman
and treat them with respect they won't have any problem talking with you and
your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you. 

go to LA after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up
and have $200 on hand have a gun just in case btw 

Going to Fiji and i cannot wait? 

After my last day in Sydney, I will be going to Fiji before heading back to the
states. I am staying in Fiji for four nights 1) what islad of Fiji is a good
island that is not TOO far from the main airpart in Fiji. A way I could get
there by boat instead of taking another plane ride 2) I would like to say on a
island with an a) all inclusive resort (if possible), and a beach front room 3)
also want an island where I can do fun activities, rainforest is a must 

you need to bring me next time 

If you cannot wait you should book an earlier flight. 

where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but
I will to try anothers please? 

I searched all over the internet, but I could not find one place in Tampa Bay
that sells morcillas, also known as blood pudding, black pudding and blood
sausages. I learned that morcillas are basically impossible to find all across
the North American region. But I did find this website, www.igourmet.com, where
they sell all types of sausages, including blood sausages! So follow the link at
the bottom and buy some blood sausages. 

huh? 

yuck !! I don't know, and it is because I don't like them, do you know that,
morcillas is coagulated blood from animals, ewww 

Is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida?

UP Roadways buses ply frequently between Sector-37 crossing in Noida and Kasna
in Greater Noida, passing through Pari Chowk. Apart from these there are
numerous cabs that ferry passengers between Sector-37 crossing and Pari Chowk. 

Yes bus service is available. it is not frequent. 

Hi, Yes dear, You can find lots of public transport options between Noida to
Greater Noida. There are UP Govt. Buses, DTC Buses, Call Center Cabs, Private
white line buses most frequently running between Noida and Greater Noida. You
can find them From Indian Oil Building, Sector -37, Taj Express Road( Bus Stops)
etc. Thanks, 

how can you get wifi anywhere 24/7 on your apple ipod 8gb? 

I have wifi at my house, but thats just at my house...is there anyway i can buy
some card to make the ipod itself have wifi? i want to be able to use it in my
car, out n about etc...i guess like an iphone, but thats later on and ,i know
what they are so no suggestions on just goin out to buy one im talking about
right now just for an ipod??. 

You gotta get an iPhone for 3G...only way...actually there is a thing that you
pay for monthly that gets wifi from satellite and you can connect to it anywhere
but you have to Cary it with you 

how are vietnam and Afghanistan alike? and different? 

i'm doing a report on how afghanistan and Vietam are different and alike. ive
been on the internet for 3 hours but so far i've got nothing. i need to know how
they are different and alike in these area's location and the impact of the
location reasons for going into war Global reasons for conflict who fought the
wars? cost of the U.S. in money and men? political costs of the war? impact of
the war on the American people? WILL SOMEONE PLZ HELP ME IT'S DUE WENSDAY!?!?!
:( 

Different...one was in the jungle, the other is in the high mountain deserts.
Alike...both were fought for securities reasons by the US (no matter what the
liberal revisionist historians tell you). 

What is your cats name and why did you name him/her that? 

If you HAVE a cat of course. My cats name is Twinky. When she was a tiny little
kitten she looked like those twinky snack cakes. She is a creme tabby and I've
had her for over 2 years now. 

I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star
pattern on her face. And she is the STAR of the family. I love her. :) 

I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always
attacked your feet when you walked by! 

My cats Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died
He also had bright blue eyes like Frank Sinatra did :) 

what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft? 

my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft
when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs. 

They are probably infertile. If there is no male they are probably infertile! If
you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw
them away! If you do not they will start to rot! If she has no male to fertilize
the eggs, the eggs will aways be infertile. if you do have a male but they are
not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his
sent and probably lay eggs. Hope she stops laying eggs because she will get
really skinny! If she continues! Hope this helps 

I have 24hrs in San Francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short
time? 

I have a day stop-over in San Francisco and my wife want to see some of the key
sites. We are staying next to the airport which is located next to BARTrail. We
have limited time What are the best sights to see, geiven that we only have a
short time? (We check in early afternoon and we fly next day. ) Hop onto a Hop
On/Hop Off bus. It'll take you to all the major sites (GG Bridge, Haight,
Chinatown, etc) and you can get off anyplace you want to spend more time at. Go
to Goldstar.com and get tickets for about a third of the price. 

alcatraz island 

Take a ferry ride!!! It's an amazing experience! 

Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent? 

First time to go on A cruise any and all info is appreciated 

Personally, I don't find a travel agent to be of value to me as I am willing to
put in the time doing research on the internet. I have not had good experience
with travel agents. They don't seem to know anything but the hype they are told
and the packages they have available to them. The one time I actually booked
through a travel agent I did not get all of the amenities I had paid for. The
few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for
less on my own, and more options than what they were selling. So now I do not
bother with them at all. 

best is using an online travel agent 

My Hamster escaped.... NEED HELP NOW!? 

okay.... I have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters. Well
last night while I was sleeping, my hamster escaped from his cage. He is in my
room, but there are so many things inside there, I dunno what to do. I have lots
of containers in there. Anybody give me ideas like a trap or something? 

Find him before he finds the dog food. I'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster
in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a
rat. It had been eating dog food the whole time. It was huge and scared the crap
out of me. 

Make sure he isn't trapped somewhere & put a bowl of food out. He will come and
eat 

Start cleaning and start looking. 

can i have some indoor pet ideas please!!!!!!!!!!!!!? 

i want a small indoor pet that my mother will let me have please help i want
something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room 

no pet is really easy to take care of. they all need love and attn , food,
proper surroundings etc. the easiest thing would be a fish - but u need to clean
the tank weekly, feed it the right amt, etc etc x 

Having a pet isn't easy. You should treat all pets like children. They require a
lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up. If you want easy then go
with a gold fish or hamster. 

I would go with a small rodent such as a mouse, rat, hamster or gerbil if you
want something you can handle and hold. Fish are probably the easiest to take
care of though. 

french male sensuality? 

Ive been dating a man from brittany france for a couple of months now. He's been
away for a week and I was thinking of waiting for him in his apartment wearing
only his dress shirt. Its still a fairly new relationship and we havent had sex
yet so its kind of a big deal. I just dont want to freak him out or make him
feel uncomfortable. Is it ok for a woman in french culture to make the first
move? What do french men find sexy? 

French women are the ones to say yes, the way we say it is not usually as
straigthforward as you propose to do. Why not wait for him in a sexy dress with
lunch or dinner, or a light snack at his house. And you take it up from there.
Just make sure that it is a light meal with little alcohol. 

rug works for me 

Food is always good 

unique gifts and cards 

Great store great products 

I love the meat! 

Lovley food and fab chips 

Best place to sleep!!!!!!! 

best square slice around. 

Cheapest drinks in Keene! 

Over priced for Mexican food 

very miss informed people!! 

Simple, Quick take away. 

Wonderful staff and great service !! 

best place for snowboard eva. 

Good, friendly, reasonable service 

The food tasted like rat feces 

beware they will rip u off 

No service.. But good food.. 

Favorite DD spot in the area! 

A most outstanding, professional firm. 

Well kept facility with friendly staff. 

Good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere 

Responsive, kept me apprised of status. 

Whatever you order, you will LOVE! 

Good quality Indian food in a pleasant environment 

High guality pup food at a good price. 

Horrible tap water. But no other complaints. 

Easy registration, helpful staff and fun teachers! 

Awesome bacon egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast. 

The World's Fair museum was pretty cool. 

There is no delivery. 

There is no delivery. 

Great atmosphere, great food. Definitely a must. 

gone 

library is closed. it is now bislas. 

awesome bagels long lines on the weekends but worth it 

Some of the nicest people and very good work standards 

Bad food and bad service! Save yourself a trip! 

Blooming onion, the only reason to visit this restaurant. 

He's great! I won't go to anyone else. 

Fast and affordable. Great job master keying our building. 

Retired 

Dr Joseph retired. Dr. Dorn is his backup. 

Great Job! 

Thanks for fixing my garage door A++++++++++++++++++ 

really amazing the new and exciting plays done at this theatre ! 

No meat on Burger and too much pepper.no place to seat 

Hobbs on Mass. 

Absolutely my favorite store in Lawrence, KS 

Too Expensive 

The food's okay, but the price is outrageous. 

Nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city. 

Good fun for wing night, food eh, beer list eh... 

You were extremely polite and professional. Very Impressed. Great electrician. 

Prime rib was very tough. Staff were pleasant. Won't return. 

VINGAS 

VISAKHA INDUSTRIAL GASES PVT. LTD., location at google maps. 

Midtown Reston has great location and luxurious environment. Really enjoyed it.

Compare to last decade this University is gaining more prestige in International
level 

If you're looking for homestyle Japanese food, you can't beat this 

ok 

can't remember good or bad, so it must have been meh. 

Great job! Mercedes and Dan are very thorough and on top of everything! 

love this park 

this is a great park to have kids birthday parties at!! 

Great service and awesome prices. I get Microdermabrasions regularly and I love
the environment 

Great spot to kick back for a cup of joe and a snack. Cool ambience. 

How a pizza place should be! + there is a free cola with every pizza. 

Pleasure to work with. The experience with every department has been great. No
complaints! 

Your average crappy chain. Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy
crowd. 

great garage and customer service. great knowledge and prices compared to anyone
in the industry. 

Clean & tidy with good atmosphere & pleasant staff. Food drastically let's the
place down though 

This is a great facility. Great instructors! Most of all, my daughter loves it!

marisol 

this place is awesome twelve did an amazing job place is clean and staff is
friendly 

:) 

I will gladly recommend you to anyone in need of or looking for a good florist.

A++ 

They are by far the best salon in 50 miles, Trust me I know!! 

Kliotech 

A company which provide good quality portals, E-commerce solutions,web based
MMOG ... etc 

Remember seeing "Stop Making Sense" at Cinema 21 multiple times! YAY, great
theater!!! 

LOCATION HAS CLOSED. HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw, Michigan 48604
(989)755-1109 

Excellent service, close to the morse redline stop. Great computer repair store,
highly recommended. 

excellent! answered all my questions, and called me back when I needed
something. highly recommended! 

Rooms were outdated, dirty, and small. Service was horrible. Go down 1 block to
Super 8. 

Great Family Fun and Bonding 

What more can be said: "Burch's Karate is the GREATEST!" 

Not friendly, not helpful, overall poor customer service. Definitely not going
to purchase a car from here. 

Very hard work from the boys in blue there! 

Brilll. Very hard work from the boys in blue there! 

You are the best! 

Just received from your flower store. They are sooooo beautiful. Thank you guys.

Aweesome 

Holy cow was that a delicious meal. Hot, fresh, delicious. Loved every bit of
it. :) 

Wrong Information 

The address is for Noida Location not for Gurgaon Location. Please update this
listing in you database. 

Beautiful hotel! Great service- high class! Shuttle available to a private beach
area with food/drinks/towels. 

great! 

I go Disco dancing and Cheerleading. Its fab! so goand get
dancing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! By samantha Fox 

Great School! 

Teachers good Diverse student body(African-American, Asian, ect.) equals kids
staying here! 

$9.62 excluding tip with water to drink for the buffet. Worst buffet period by
far. I want my money back! 

They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing. They also do
banners, billboards and lots more. 

This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley, I have friend who
drive from central Phx to come here. 

The best pizza ever im fat so ive had a ton of pizza other than pizza from
chicago its the best 

WONDERFUL service. I have used them once and will use them in the future.
Beautiful work, fast shipping and great communication. 

They are out of business. Nice people... I hear. Calls are now forwarded to
Malcolm Smith Motorsports down the road. 

professional 

Good job very professional. It made me feel good to see people work so hard to
take care of others belongings. 

Not a clothing store 

Be more careful when you write reviews- this is an accounting group, not
Hollister the clothing store. 

Favorite Restaurant Best yellow curry that I have ever tasted. Staff is super
friendly and very attentive. Price is also very reasonable. 

Great service 

A very well established service with a satisfying outcome. A well communicated
and will be hireing again for another projects...... Thanks 

I heard the libido band play live and they are out of site!! I will be calling
tropics for my companies next event! 

A good cut! Cécile is a hairdresser and has just moved into the neighbourhood. I
go to see her to have my hair cut. 

Clean rooms, great for the price and cheapest on the exit. The front desk staff
was very pleasant and efficient. Serves FREE breakfast ! 

Buyer Beware!! Rusted out and unsafe cars sold here! Have a real mechanic check
before you buy!!!! Save money and go somewhere else! 

Great place for embroidery. Service was friendly and VERY fast. I purchased four
gift items there and had them all embroidered within a week. 

They have good sushi for a good price. My favorite so far in Bellevue. Store is
on the small side and atmosphere is just average. 

It's now called Sushi Lover. Food is just okay..won't crave it, but wouldn't
mind coming back for a quick meal. 

Good food and very friendly staff. Very good with my 5 year old daughter.
Interesting good value wine list to. Beer a bit expensive. 

Brain Dead 

Not only are these people completely inefficient and ineffective, but they just
don't give a darn. This place is a complete embarrassment. 

My favorite place to eat. The Atmosphere is the best.. Italian music, candles,
helpful and friendly staff... And the food is beautiful too ! 

Excellent piano lessons 

I'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me. Now I'm able
to play the piano pretty well. 

Excellent Pizza!! 

Its the only pizza place I recommend in Woodland Hills. Yum. My wife and kids
can't get enough. Highly recommended. 

Worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing
meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill 

I'm really surprised by the negative reviews. We've had about 5 repairs done on
3 different laptops. They've always been timely and inexpensive. 

Awsome! Great food cheap 

Every thing here is good. Fish tacos are my fave simple and filling Highly
recommend Mi Pueblo. Gets busy so come early 

Good local bikeshop 

Good local bike shop . Jason and the boys can do about anything you need. The
shop is located just off the river road . 

Best Pizzas and Calzones in the City! 

What a hidden gem! The food is superb and they were delivered nice and hot! I
highly recommend this place! 

This place is clean and well run with great people. The food is fresh and taste
great. Great value and service. We will be back again and again !! 

Great Service and hairstyles that last. 

I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe. The staff is very pleasant and
my hair is always fresh. 

Nice teachers good school 

They are very good teachers and nice people to meet here. I enjoyed very much to
study here. A good place to improve your English 

Great Neighborhood Hangout 

Great place to catch a band or catch up with friends. Ice cold beer and good
prices. Kitchen puts out good food and has daily specials. 

Poor Service 

After firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been
cleaned as they should have been. I would recommend not using this company. 

Buyer beware 

Do not use these guys. They'll tell you one thing then $5,000 later do another.
Lied right to my face then denied it. Run away. 

Great service 

I had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the
closest they had very quick service for a Monday morning, thanks again guys. 

I won a golf lesson certificate with Adz through a charity auction. The lesson
was donated by the teacher Adz. So i booked the lesson and loved it. Great
teacher. 

SERVERS 

When my server crashed, Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up
and running the next morning. That's what I call customer service! 

It's fine for... 

It's fine for mass-market chocolate, but with companies like Scharffen Berger,
TCHO, and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area, why? 

Rip Off! 

45p for tap water! Ridiculous! Don't think I've ever been charged before. Oh,
and salad cream, not mayonnaise, on the coleslaw. Avoid! 

Slice Pizza at former Britt's Location 

Britt's Pizza is long gone. Their location, the northwest corner of S. 10th &
Federal Sts., is now home to Slice Pizza. 

VERYYYY!!!! VERYYY!! Good auto repair men. Do the job honest and quickly as
possible. Would 100% recomend to others for a great service. Thank You Barrys
Auto Tech! 

A Great Help! 

Ashdown Horse Transport were fantastic! Very friendly and ALWAY contactable even
at weekends. I would hesitate to recommend anyone. Thanks again Nina. PS. Love
the new website! 

Miami's best tutoring service! 

My son was able to advance a full two grades within 9 months! A wonderful
tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work.

Food - very good for a midnight meal that isn't fast food. Service - the workers
are usually pleasant. Atmosphere is always fun, the assortment of customers adds
entertainment to the meal 

awesome place!!! it was worth of the ride more than an hour...I had so many
strawberries right on the field...strongly recomend...dont forget to try their
great ice cream 

wrong location 

this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located. It is,
surprisingly, near the Blue Water Bridges, some miles to the west of this
location. 

such a great idea this was, so easy to load and pack, no ramp, no step up no
back aches. moving with a pod was the best moving experience i have had. 

Totally flavored 

The statement about "best hamburguers in town" can be even amplifiaed to "best
hamburguers in world" Totally worth, juicy, big, fresh, and excellent customer
service! 

Best Cigar lounge on the blouvard. Encino has been blessed by the opening of
this smoke shop most definately. If you mention the name Amir you will receive
%10 off at time of purchase 

Doctor Hank is Amazing 

Our family has been trusting Doctor Hank with our teeth for the last seven
years. I wouldn't go to anyone else. Everyone on staff is very professional and
friendly. 

Stayed in the Seaview room here in December 2009! WOW what stunning views. The
furnishing and finishes are great. I highly recommend Bay View if you are
looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay. 

Surprisingly, this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I've found in
the Tampa area. It's fresh and really tasty. I'll drive an hour just for their
volcano, yum! 

Fantastic Nova Scotia Cottage 

We had a fantastic time. Such a relaxing atmosphere and inspiring architecture.
Sand Hill park was a great beach... Nice warm water. Thank-You for sharing your
cottage! 

Great lunch specials. Delivery is lightning fast. Perfect since I'm on a budget.
But otherwise, it can feel pricey for what you get. Like the sushi, don't like
the pad thai. 

Holly - the owner, knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes.
Stylish and contemporary, no matter your size or personality type. She's an A+
and so are her clothes! 

Very poor customer service.There are a couple decent people working there, but
the rest are VERY dishonest, as well as rude, I have yet to hear the truth come
out of their mouths. 

Give them a try! 

The pizzas are huge and super delicious. They're our favorite pizza place to
order from... and they're a local, family owned company! How much better does it
get?! 

I loved the atmosphere here and the food is good, however the tables are so
close together that it feels very cramped. We were made to feel very welcome.
Well worth a visit. http://cambridgefoodfrivolity.blogspot.com/ 

Great Service 

Dr Mcdonald is wonderful. She answers all questions asked and provides the best
service i have ever seen. I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a
lot. Good Job DR. 

Called to check if they had a product I've been using on my dog for years... the
boy who answered the phone couldn't possibly have been ruder to me. I will never
come here again. 

I am a new patient. I have visited Dr. Cooper's office twice and I am very
impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is. I found the office to be
very clean and professional-looking. 

Want a great burger? The smokehouse can't be beat anywhere. Salad bar is hit and
miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges.
Never a bad smokehouse burger though! I crave those. 

Natasha is the BEST photographer we have ever worked with. She has a great way
with children and is able to capture their personality as well as many
spontaneous images. You will not be disappointed with her work!! 

Ray's pizza : my favorite 

Ray's Pizza is just too good. I wish I could have a slice for every single meal.
Luckily I live very close, so I can abuse it during week-ends... 

Caldwell insurance has been doing our insurance for a couple years now and they
have been extremely thorough. We've only had one urgent issue to deal with and
they were very prompt in their response. Highly recommend! 

Lovely Cottage This cottage is a charming homely, friendly, place to stay. Mary
is an excellent host who does yummy breakfasts. My room was delightful and the
attention to detail was amazing. Will come again! Sophie. 

Cheap Hotel Rome - Thanks for all your help! 

Cheap Hotel Rome - thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute. We had a
great stay, your service was excellent and we will use you again! 

The best photographer in Miami 

I was soooo lucky to have used Marlon's photography services....such a creative
and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with. The images turned out
amazing. I definitely recommend him :) 

Great Meal 

Happened on to this place while out of town on business, and it was great! The
food was excellent and the service was terrific. It is a cloth napkin kind of
place, but I thought well worth it. 

Friendly Efficient and overall great place for people in chronic intractable
pain 

Great place for people in chronic pain. Staff is very friendly they treat you
like a human being and not just another patient. Very efficient at treating
chronic pain! 

The best company in Phuket for creating website and e-commerce website. From
first meeting with them to launch of my website, everything went smooth and on
schedule. Highly recommended for who wants to have website. Great with SEO as
well. 

Great Place To Use The Fix appliances Plumbing Air Conditioning & Electric
Problems. We have used them for plumbing & A/C and they are affordable and get
the work done right. Great place 5 stars for sure. Thanks From Bill 

I used Birdies for our Annual Walk Against Drugs and Alcohol event. They were
very professional, neat and clean. They came through on all of their promises
and we had a very successful day. I will be using Bridies again. 

ONe of a few. Hancocks is one of four fabric stores in Fort Smith. We have Hobby
Lobby, Just for Fun Fabrics, Walmart, and Interior Mall just inside Barling.
They do have a good selection of fabric and notions. 

It was ok, nice management, they let us check in early, but the place was old.
It was clean, but just a little dumpy. Lots of room for big rig parking. Hard to
get into though because of road construction. 

I'll admit I wasn't expecting much from this place, but they really did do a
good job. The chicken cordon-blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for
the money. Service was a touch slow, but friendly. 

find another place 

Run down. Dark, dark main room. No way to read/relax. 'Electric' blanket on one
bed did not heat. Quite cold. Removing 90% of 'sit-abouts' in main room would
look cleaner. 

recommended 

Excellent location. Good sports bar. Hyatt web site improved. Accurate
check-out. Rooms clean. Lifts quick, clean, accurate, and correctly sized.
Choose this hotel over the Hilton (which is on the next block). 

Summary: Not cheep, but very fast, and super friendly service. Quality of work
is sufficient but not outstanding. Like all oil place changes, ask/recommend the
100 other services they have. Will be a repeat customer with discount coupons. 

criminal defense lawyer 

Mr. Villega is an exceptional California criminal defense lawyer. He cross
examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth. If
you want an attorney who will defend your right, contact Law Offices of Armando
Villega 

Checked in real late, but staff was very kind and helpful. Rooms very clean and
smelled very fresh. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I loved my stay here
and if ever back in the area, I will be staying here again. 

Thanks for following me around the store 

Enough said. I don't steal, I wasn't acting suspiciously. I was ready to buy a
new jacket, a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and I walked out
because of your obvious lurking 

Best meat pies in Canada 

If you are looking for authentic British meat pies, then look know further. I
especially like the Chicken Curry pie. Good Food. The owner/baker, "Pie Guy" is
a hoot to deal with as well. Mo 

Fantastic fresh food! 

What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one wouldn't expect it. Cozy, warm
atmosphere, great service. Most importantly, the food was outstanding. It
clearly had been prepared from fresh ingredients. We'll be back often. 

Thanks For A Great Job 

Thanks For The Prompt Service And Great Job You And Your Boys Have Done On Our
New Solar System, The Panels On The Roof Look Great And The Power We Are Putting
Back In To The Grid Is Great, Great Job Thanks 

impressive truly impressive 

The First time I walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy I knew I'd be
here a lot. Pets Discount has lovely employees, a wonderful grooming service,
and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition! 

Excellent service! 

I am so glad that we now have a good nail shop on San Mateo Avenue! No more
having to drive to San Francisco for a great mani pedi. Both Tina and Vicky are
excellent. I will definitely refer my friends and family:) 

great! :P you get a really good view of the city and there is also attractions
like simulator, short movies. Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with
a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer 

GREAT Store GREAT Service! 

“This store is great!! I love walking in and not being hassled. I was there when
they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive! The reason I go back is
because the employees are sooooo nice.” 

Horrible customer service. I came in to get a nice gift for my wife. The one guy
who was there, I'm guessing was the owner, was probably the least helpful person
I've ever met. But thankfully there are other flowers shops around Norman. 

Pure Beauty 

What a joy to stroll off historic Canyon Road in Santa Fe into a gallery with a
gorgeous diversity of art. Destiny Allison's metal sculptures were my
favorite.The owner Karla is welcoming and fun. Give yourself the gift of
visiting Winterowd Fine Art! 

Great Place! 

This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch. They offer a good portions
at a great price, it's enough food to fill you up, but you don't ever feel like
you ate too much. Plus, it's super healthy! 

Barb does an AMAZING JOB, she is always learning new things on how to use her
hands and body, to give every person an AWESOME MASSAGE, CALL TODAY AND SCHEDULE
YOU MUST SEE HER, YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE SHE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST ! 

If you want cheaply made glass from India and China, this is not your place.
These people only carry the very best American blown glass. Their selection is
top notch and the staff is very knowledgable. Go to the Looking Glass for all
your smoking needs!!!!!!!!!! 

Chuck and Gretchen were very positive, and when Alan's refused to work on my
bike, Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan's mechanic
wouldn't do. He worked on it right on the back of my car. I am extremely pleased

Quick and Cheap 

Walked in and was outta there in 10 mins with a really good deal i thought i was
going to be paying alot because i had a DUI but with my DUI and Sr-22 they were
able to get me the best deal out there. 

Is not a service office 

This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a
blue box out front. Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship. Thought
adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there. 

the food is mediocre at best. the waitress took my name and then called me that
all night. not sure how I feel about that one. it's passable as a pub, but the
pizza is not that great. if you want good pizza, go to famoso. seriously. 

Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for
this dentist (a HUGE number compared to the others in the area), but that they
all have the same unique grammar structure? And they seem to be posted at fairly
regular intervals? 

Best YET! 

We go to Japaneiro's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed! Wait
staff is always ready to help if you can't decide (which happens every time for
me d/t the huge menu of rolls) and always courteous! Soooo tasty! 

Good honest wrok 

Harlan provides great service. He is very knowledgeable and took the time to
explain the repairs to me. The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I
could trust his work. I have nothing but fantastic things to say. I highly
recommend his shop. 

Best in Memphis 

This shop is by far the best I have been to. I have a Saab...which everything is
expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price alot lower than any
other shop I called. They are the only place I would take my car peiod. 

Took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced. Everything except the display
worked fine before I took it in. The video cable was replaced and suddenly the
motherboard was dead. Phone calls weren't returned when promised and the botched
repair took a week longer than promised. 

We have stayed at Tanglewood for many years now. We go over about 5 times a
year. We have never had a problem with the cabins. They are always so helpful.
The cabins have always been clean. Helen is a wonderful place to take you
family. We recommend these cabins! 

Can't say enough 

I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my
friends. WOW! I didn't know what I was missing. The lowest bed here is better
than my last salons highest level. Salon is clean and girls are nice. 

Great People and even better service! Best to deal with! 

In a few words ... I'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find "old school"
service out there where company care more about good name and customers than
their pockets... Highly recommended people / business. Thanks Josh! 

Dentist you can trust 

If possible I try the services on myself before I bring in my son. Drs. Ali work
wonders.Neither me nor my son haven't had a single cavity since we started
dental care there. The team focus is prevention and education. That alone makes
them unique. 

This is not your usual cheap hotdog place. They offer a large variety of quality
hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs. The fries are of good
quality, the staff is friendly. The atmosphere is your typical indie outfit with
old movie posters and memorabilia from the 70's and 80's. 

Over charged. 

I used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was
$8.95 but when I went on line to check my transaction it show $10.74. There is
something wrong or maybe the individual made a mistake but to me that is not
integrity. 

Elmira, your the best! 

All I can say is that Elmira you are the best Ive experienced, never before has
the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you. I recommend you to everyone
in Calgary, as she is a professional and the cost for her was low. 

5 star detail job 

I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done, they did a
great job, I'm very satisfied with the results. The paint and wheels looked like
glass and the interior looked new! Also, they have great customer service and a
very knowledgeable staff 
