Al-Zaman : American forces killed Shaikh Abdullah al-Ani, the preacher at the
mosque in the town of Qaim, near the Syrian border. [This killing of a respected
cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come.] DPA: Iraqi authorities
announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad. Two of
them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior! The MoI in
Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI, so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover
unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the
1960s. The third was being run by the head of an investment firm. You wonder if
he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets. The cells were
operating in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capital. Although the
announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up
terror cells, I don't find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the
Iraqi government very hopeful. It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who
were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam. Al-Zaman : Guerrillas
killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul.
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80
percent in Mosul, whereas there had been a big jump in the number of
kidnappings. On Wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his
wife while they were on their way home. In Suwayrah, Kut Province, two car bombs
were discovered before they could be detonated. (Kut is in southeastern Iraq and
has an overwhelmingly Shiite population, who are on the lookout for Baathist
saboteurs and willingly turn them in. This willingness is the main difference in
the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center-north of the
country.) In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of
Education at Mustansiriyah University, was assassinated with his driver in the
Salikh district. Guerrillas killed an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikrit. They also
killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in
Tikrit. His mother was also killed in the attack. Two other Dulaim leaders have
been killed in the past week and a half. 

Guerrillas near Hawijah launched an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi
soldiers. One of them was from the Jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the
Hawijah garrison. Two hundred members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim
demonstrated in Baghdad on Friday, protesting the killing of their clan elder,
Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of his sons, by gunmen wearing Iraqi army uniforms.
(This is a largely Sunni Arab clan, and some Sunni observers have accused Shiite
elements in the government of being behind the assassination; it is more likely
the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas punishing the Batawi leaders for cooperating
with the Dec. 15 elections.) Al-Zaman : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on
Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51
individuals from running on party lists in the Dec. 15 elections on grounds of
having been sufficiently involved in Baath activities to warrant their being
excluded from civil office. The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such
an exclusion. This item is a small one and easily missed. But in my view it is
highly significant. The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad
Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard, and had pushed many Sunni
Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas. Chalabi has been increasingly
marginalized within Iraq, however, despite his ties of clientelage with
Washington and Tehran. He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list, the United
Iraqi Alliance, and won't have many seats in the new parliament. Some 2,000
junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent
months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have. Now the Electoral
Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership.
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way. If someone committed
a crime against humanity, prosecute the person. If he or she did not, then they
should have all the same rights as other Iraqis. Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports that
a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail
has died. A team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died.
The trial begins again Nov.28. 

In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in Sadr city
and Adhamiya. Baghdadis don't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more,
you never know where you might get stuck. There has been talk that the night
curfew might be implemented again. My neighbourhood has been surrounded by
American troops for three days now, helicopters have been circling over our
heads non-stop. Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become
bolder than ever. Yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our
street and setting up mortars, they only come out in the open when Americans
leave the area, then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting
their AK-47's in the air. They are setting the road blocks at the exact same
positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same
people. And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are
suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land. Even the IP
and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood, and those are trained and armed, so
don't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a
helicopter or a tank doesn't bomb them, and also how are American soldiers going
to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the Fedayeen? Everyone is
apprehensive, there is some talk that April 9th and 10th are going to be bloody
days. Most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that
the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is). There are
rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against
banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last
April, and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about
it and saying things like "This time we will be the first to loot, we didn't get
anything the last time". Mosques are calling for donating blood, food, and
medicine for Fallujah, and several convoys have already headed out for Fallujah,
most of them returned later though. What irritates me is this sudden false
'solidarity' between Sunni and Shi'ite clerics, we all know that they would be
glad to get at each others throats when they have the chance, and Shia clerics
were describing Fallujan insurgents as 'Ba'athists', 'Saddamites', 'Wahhabis',
and 'terrorists' just a few days ago. So what happened? I guess it's just the
old new Arab 'Me against my brother, me and my brother against my cousin, me and
my cousin against my enemy', or 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing going
on again. Speaking of Fallujah, we have only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news
from there. They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town,
and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al-Sahhaf.
"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and
pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you
get to hear from him. He did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned
that Fallujan militants were shooting at the Marines from the roofs of mosques
and houses in Hay Al-Golan, but of course that is okay for Al-Jazeera. Someone
who called himself Abu Hafs from the Ibn Al-Khattab Brigades (another new group)
was on Al-Jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the Marines and he
sweared that American soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents.
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone. Al-Iraqiyah
tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi. 

Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an
Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad',
in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally
permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against
infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions". He added that "America
does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation, they
were kicked out of Somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in
Mogadishu for the whole world to see", and that "the day will come when the dead
bodies of Americans and Jews would be dragged, defiled, and stepped on in the
Arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters". 

Elena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl has revived interest
in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history. We all know what
happened, but even to this day, there are many different versions and opinions
on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people
affected by the fallout. UPDATE: Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own
story. 

This is not a post about fault-finding or assigning blame. It is a time to learn
what happened and how it may affect the future. There was a soothing
authoritative UNSCEAR (United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of
Atomic Radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of Chernobyl confirming
that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation-related
health effects to most people exposed. This was heavily promoted by the
Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF
CHERNOBYL which contained the following: One of the most widespread myths of
recent times is that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many
thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions, and that public health
has been severely affected by exposure to radiation. Many people still believe
that to be true, even though the Ministry of Russian Federation on Civil
Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Conseguences of Natural Disasters
(EMERCOM of Russia) reported this in 1996: CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT: TEN YEARS ON In
the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood
and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions
of the former Soviet Union (Wi940) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl
accident until proven otherwise. The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic
Energy Agency) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on
information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health
effects. However, in April 2001, the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the
Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports. Here
are some excerpts: 

The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and
adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since
1991, continues to this day. ...a drop in the birth rate, a deterioration in
women's reproductive health, an increase in complications during pregnancy and
birth, and a deterioration in neonatal health.... The dynamics of change in the
state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three
countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the post-accident period is
characterized by persistent negative tendencies: the morbidity rate is going up,
the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing
. As a parent, I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families
whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning. There is a lot to learn
about Chernobyl. Being well-informed will give you certainty and that is
desirable in a world of conflicting reports. There are a wealth of references on
Chernobyl. Read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions. These
links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the
disaster called Chernobyl: IAEA Report Lessons learned
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/IBRAE/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/Chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93Marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/Chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/Chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html 

I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found
that was most convincing. radiation: As a child in the 50's I had a lot of
glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at
best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was
not CA but stopped the treatments.... Remember the old shoe sizing machines that
was a form of radiation xray? That too was stopped. Don't have to mention what
radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks--there can be
no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl....... The Chernobyl
Children's Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp) offers several ways
to help the children of that region. One of them is the Rest and Recuperation
Program, wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer. Even
a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care,
etc. can add years to their lives. S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted
several of these children for many years; to see these little ones breaks the
heart. The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and
makes me more grateful for the blessings I have. Take care, my friend, Linda 

I'm sorry to say Elena's story has been revealed to be a fake. 

What do the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman
al-Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the
organization? Because the US and Pakistan have managed to capture or kill about
2/3s of the top 25 al-Qaeda commanders, the middle managers are not in close
contact with al-Zawahiri and Bin Laden. The tape was a way to signal priorities.

These are 1) Assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf, the Pakistani
military "president" who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with
the United States against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. Musharraf has been trying to
purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al-Qaeda sympathizers. His
military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid
Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of
whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US. Musharraf held elections in
October of 2002, in which center-right parties did well, but in which nearly 20
percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party
coalition, MMA. MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province, which
probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of
Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan border. If al-Qaeda can kill
Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers,
they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts. They
would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is
also a nuclear power. All this is highly unlikely, as with most al-Qaeda
crackpot schemes. But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin
would virtually take over Afghanistan. Response: The US must do whatever it can
to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government. On the one hand, it
should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a
fair election, and to repeal the contentious "Legal Framework Order" that
essentially perpetuates his dictatorship. On the other, restrictions should be
lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can
defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police. On the
other hand, the US should strong-arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement
of the Kashmir issue. Al-Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf's lack of progress
in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his
overthrow. The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat
of nuclear war, than Iraq ever did. 2) Target Israel and encourage the worst
elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon
government. Response: The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas, and
started the process of cutting off its funding. This terrorist organization can
now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks. It should
continue to be defanged. But Sharon's iron fist is simply not working as a means
of establishing general peace, and the Bush administration will have to finally
apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of
the West Bank and Gaza. Sharon's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas's
terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further, which spill over into the
Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al-Qaeda in its search for
agents willing to hit the United States. Israel owes the United States at least
this much, in this crisis, to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and
establish genuine peace. 3) Make Iraq another Afghanistan, using the Republican
Right's own tactics against them. Response: Iraq is actually hostile territory
for al-Qaeda, and without Iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there. By moving
quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives, the US may be able
to get Iraqis on its side, so that they turn in the foreigners. Certainly, the
Shiites already hate al-Qaeda and would help; likewise the Kurds. The problem of
mollifying the Sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al-Qaeda an
entrée. The Americans have to put away their free-market fetishism for a while
and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households. We need
an FDR in Iraq, not a Ronald Reagan. Of course, the sooner the US soldiers can
be withdrawn in favor of less-provocative local or international forces, the
better. Getting the Spanish out of Iraq isn't nearly as good a rallying cry for
al-Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out. The thing
to keep in mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and Baathists and local Sunni
radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al-Qaeda
infiltrators, and it would be dangerous to take one's eyes off the former ball.

George W. Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary
to be president. The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the
experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000, so this sort of cheap
shot just hoists him by his own petard. Let's just remember a seminal Bush
moment in 1999: ' Bush fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders 

November 5, 1999 

Web posted at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT) 

WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Texas Gov. George W. Bush is enduring sharp criticism for
being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots, but President
Bill Clinton says Bush "should, and probably will, pick up" those names. The
front-runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday
in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter
for WHDH-TV in Boston. Bush Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya,
Taiwan, India and Pakistan. Bush was only able to give a partial response to the
query on the leader of Taiwan, referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui
simply as "Lee." He could not name the others. 

"Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan?" Hiller asked, inquiring
about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf, who seized control of the country October 12.
"Wait, wait, is this 50 questions?" asked Bush. 

Hiller replied: "No, it's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots." . .
. Bush, in answering the question about the leader of Pakistan, also said: "The
new Pakistani general, he's just been elected -- not elected, this guy took over
office. It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I
think that's good news for the subcontinent." Gore released a statement Friday
taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan's recent coup. "I find it
troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world's oldest
democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as "good news," Gore said.
"Further, I find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a
nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his
public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. A spokesman for
President Clinton also criticized Bush's comments. 

"It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of
democratically elected governments," said David Leavy, spokesman for the
National Security Council. Not only did Bush not know who General Pervez
Musharraf was, he seems to have confused coup-making with "taking office," and
moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and
the installation in power of the Pakistan military, then the world's strongest
supporter of the Taliban, would bring "stability!" 

Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military's anger over Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over
Kashmir, so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger. I can't tell you
how ominous I found Bush's performance in that interview. I still remember him
stuttering about "the General," unable to remember Musharraf's name. He
obviously had no idea what he was talking about, though he demonstrated a number
of ill-fated instincts. 

He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy, equating
dictatorship with "stability." And, he didn't think he needed to know anything
about South Asia, with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics--the
latter a dire security threat to the US. He couldn't tell when things were
becoming more unstable as opposed to less. Musharraf went on to play nuclear
brinkmanship with India in 2002, risking war twice that year. Although Musharraf
did turn against the Taliban after September 11, under extreme duress from the
US, elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have
recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself. This
was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall
of 1999. So, one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is that if it had any
merit, Bush should have declined to run himself. Another answer is that Edwards
certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then. Indeed,
given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring
vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US, one might well argue
that Edwards knows more now than Bush does. This is what Edwards' campaign
literature said about his positions: "Edwards believes that the U.S. must be an
active leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between India
and Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland. Edwards is a strong
supporter of Israel, and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting
peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians." I don't see Bush doing any of
this. 

From Friday's Daily Star 

By Juan Cole 

Friday, June 04, 2004 

As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis, some have begun
worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for
anti-American terrorism. Israel, however, is much closer to Iraq and is likely
to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States.
Ironically, among the strongest proponents of war in Iraq were Israeli Prime
Minister Ariel Sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the US. Have they,
however, actually weakened Israeli security? The biggest threat Israel faces is
not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of Palestinian
national liberation movements. The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the
hard-line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide
bombings. This, in turn, has discouraged international investment in Israel and
has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain
there. Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000, the radical
Lebanese Shiite party, Hizbullah, has not been mollified. It is estimated to
have some 5,000 armed fighters, and they have pursued attacks against Israeli
forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms, a sliver of Syrian
territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war. Any thorough assessment of the
impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment must,
therefore, closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical
warfare. Although it is often alleged (without much evidence) that Saddam
Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so
encouraged asymmetrical warfare, it is not clear that he actually posed a danger
to Israel. The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the
Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by
economic considerations. Saddam never did anything practical to help the
Palestinians. At some points, as in the late 1980s, he reportedly made
behind-the-scenes overtures to the Israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal. He
did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from
Iraq. By the late 1990s, Iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and
had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles. Its ramshackle army had virtually
collapsed before the American invasion in 2003. If it is hard to see how
Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel, it is not so difficult to see a
menace in the current instability. The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush
administration created a weak and failed state. Armed militias, many staffed by
former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have
proliferated. The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme
Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps
paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards. Anti-Israeli and
pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups
and currents. The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic
notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate
against Israel. They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh
Ahmed Yassin, the leader of Hamas, last March. Worse for Israel, the
assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand
Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites.
These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regime, but have
now organized and armed themselves. They have also reestablished their
historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites. It is inevitable that most
Iraqi Shiites will side with their Hizbullah coreligionists against Israel, and
it seems likely that Iraqi Shiites will get rich enough from Iraqi petroleum
sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese
Shiite radicals. Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the
Palestinians and with Hamas, and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with
fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine. Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and
Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad, and so came under the
influence of the Salafi movement, which is popular in Jordan. Secular Arab
nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians, and those
in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception. Whereas Saddam Hussein's dictatorship
ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control, they are now
free to organize. An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias
proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel. If even a modicum of
normality and security can be returned to Iraq, its citizens will be able to
benefit from the country's petroleum reserves. That private wealth can easily be
funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites. Israel's
security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only
be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians. Ariel Sharon's
aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his
indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage
and violence. The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world, including Iraq.
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank
and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened, not strengthened, Israeli security. Juan
Cole (www.juancole.com) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the
University of Michigan and author of "Sacred Space and Holy War" (I.B. Tauris,
2002). THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global

Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka
would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current
peace process But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri
Lanka defense deal could be in the making. And this has already drawn protests
from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April
general elections held in Sri Lanka. Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in
1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil
Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who
considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty. India defensive over
Sri Lanka 

By Ranjit Devraj 

NEW DELHI - While India is ready to enter into a "defense cooperation agreement"
with Sri Lanka, it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the
island nation's two decades-old civil war that has seen violent strife between
ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both
sides. And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement
that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day
visit to India recently. According to Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at
the Jawaharal Nehru University, the two-year peace talks between Colombo and the
Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) are stalemated. For that reason, he
said, Kumaratunga's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with
Indian support. "The Sri Lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict
but would be interested in deterring the LTTE from starting one. And the Tigers
look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive," Muni told IPS.
Colombo held six rounds of talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and
March 2003. But last April, the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations
demanding recognition, first, for the right to self-rule before proceeding any
further. Kumaratunga's India tour preceded a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by
Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks
that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in
February 2002. Petersen held discussions with both Kumaratunga and the reclusive
LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi
without success, and chief Tamil rebel negotiator Anton Balasingham and
Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim held closed-door talks at the international airport
late Saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track, diplomatic
sources said. But they, too, failed. 

Colombo, too, seems to be in an intractable position. According to former Indian
army general A S Kalkat, the difficulty for Kumaratunga's government lay in the
fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the
island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within
its control. A veteran of India's military intervention in the Jaffna peninsula
to help implement the 1987 Indo-Sri Lanka Peace Accord - which ambitiously
provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat said the new defense
deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military
commitment. Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based International
Council on Conflict Resolution, said despite the failure of the Indian army to
disarm or even subdue the Tigers, India remained the only power capable of
influencing the course of the current peace talks. "The Norwegians mean well but
their role is limited to that of honest broker and the LTTE is keenly aware that
they do not have the power [unlike India] to underwrite any arrangement," Kalkat
told IPS in an interview. In 1987, the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted the
peace accord under Indian pressure. Under the accord, a new northeastern
provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers
in the north and east. However, differences between India and LTTE soon surfaced
and led to clashes between Tiger guerrillas and the Indian peace keeping force.
About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict. India
had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989 following the election of
Ranasinghe Premadasa, a strong critic of Indian mediation. Last June, an
international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the
negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US$4.5 billion. Japan's
special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace
process before the money would be released, came back from visits to Colombo and
Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man. He complained about the "visible
lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides. The Tigers'
chief ideologue, Balasingham, sniffed at the proposal saying that "a solution to
the ethnic conflict cannot be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations
of donor conferences, but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict
without the constraints of external forces." But there are strong hints in the
country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making. And this
has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was
backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka. "Tamils
feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would
encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace
process," TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a
statement. She added that recent visits to the island by India's top military
brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have "caused apprehension
among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island". But
Kalkat pointed out that India would be ill-advised to be involved again,
militarily, with Sri Lanka if only because it still had to consider the
sentiments of 45 million ethnic Tamils in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu -
separated from Sri Lanka's Jaffna peninsula by the narrow Palk Straits. Apart
from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was
immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also
among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's
sovereignty. The best option, now, under the present difficult circumstances is
for Colombo to do its own dirty work, although New Delhi can always be counted
on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion,
ethnicity and language cannot be the basis for secession. In any case, Kalkat
puts it succinctly: "There cannot be a military option to what is a political
situation." Asia Times Online 16/11/2004 

Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic
and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost
all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was
first recorded. Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population
have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world have
bothered to even notice such a development. Musharraf calls the bluff 

M.D. Nalapat 

While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled
up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen
as Colin Powell. Two years ago, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was
surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman
-- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements. As
Pakistan's president had been telling the United States he was "forced" into
taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman, this was an
embarrassment. The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for
the people of Pakistan. That distinction has now gone to the United States. 

Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy
establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of
its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia, understand the
only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo. India
keeps what it has while Pakistan and China (which was gifted a slice of the
territory three decades ago) do likewise. Simultaneously, New Delhi would ensure
a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from
jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan. Bill Clinton
understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under Colin Powell (who
appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics), the pendulum of
U.S. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the
Valley of Kashmir loose from India. This, Pakistan's lobbyist in Washington
Christina Rocca has been told, is the "minimum" that the Pakistan army will
accept. It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can
deliver. This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir
problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a
Hindu-majority Jammu, a Buddhist-dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim
Kashmir Valley, with the third state given little of taxpayers' money but
substantial autonomy. With luck, the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from
the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a
tourist, education and services haven within India. The overwhelming majority of
Muslims in Kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny
jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army,
which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in
Bangladesh in 1971. Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir
has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from
the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since
human habitation was first recorded. Over nine dozen temples that had served the
Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and
others as urinals. Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across
the world have bothered to even notice such a development. Indeed, their reports
are filled with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent
jihadis. Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups
that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez
Musharraf happy. Unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take
seriously Colin Powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the
Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad. The U.S. State Department
and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences
on Kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley
prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova.
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National
Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the
conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready
to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna.
Despite many wrinkles, India remains a part-democracy and merely signing on to a
piece of paper that calls for an independent Kashmir does not get you into the
trouble that writing an op-ed piece against Sonia Gandhi or Atal Behari Vajpayee
would instantly. It was the business community in India that stepped in after
Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that
the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear
war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China. The reason for this
is that India is emerging as an alternative investment destination to China,
hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad do to their trusty supplier of
nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving India when in fact
the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea. Since then, India
has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be
acceptable as a final settlement: a line of action that is followed in the case
of disputes with China as well. Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely
carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia,
Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell's bluff, challenging him to deliver
on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands. Once
the Manmohan Singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide,
Musharraf will face the moment of truth: accept the inevitable, or once again
ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely
Mumbai and New Delhi but London and Chicago as well. The one country that has
shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China. Under President
Hu Jintao, Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is
expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting Sikkim
as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security
Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the "permanent five" that
has not yet done so. With Colin Powell around, the U.S. has no need of an Osama
bin Laden 

M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal
Academy of Higher Education, India. Washington Times 28/10/2004 

Ok. We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam. Four whole months, after
which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that
allowed him to desert his "band of brothers". We also know how Dan Rather
libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on
a "60 Minutes II" report based largely on forged documents. During his time in
the Guard, George Bush flew the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptor. The
F-102 saw service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969.
During this time, F-102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and
Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand. ( Click here for
source. ) 

As far as George Bush knew, he and his unit could have been transferred to
Vietnam. In all this so-called controversy, has anyone considered that perhaps
George Bush just wanted to fly jets? And, let's remember, flying supersonic
fighter jets is dangerous! They don't let just anybody do it. 

Some reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) have actually
uncovered the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard.
For example, did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in
uniform than John Kerry? What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a
friend of mine (thanks to Dave Manzano). Read on to learn the facts. 

--------- 

Bush’s National Guard years 

Before you fall for Dems’ spin, here are the facts 

What do you really know about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guard?
That he didn’t show up for duty in Alabama? That he missed a physical? That his
daddy got him in? 

News coverage of the president’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one
brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else. So
just for the record, here, in full, is what Bush did: The future president
joined the Guard in May 1968. Almost immediately, he began an extended period of
training. Six weeks of basic training. Fifty-three weeks of flight training.
Twenty-one weeks of fighter-interceptor training. That was 80 weeks to begin
with, and there were other training periods thrown in as well. It was full-time
work. By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years. Not two years
of weekends. Two years. 

After training, Bush kept flying, racking up hundreds of hours in F-102 jets. As
he did, he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements. At
the time, guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet
their yearly obligation. According to records released earlier this year, Bush
earned 253 points in his first year, May 1968 to May 1969 (since he joined in
May 1968, his service thereafter was measured on a May-to-May basis). Bush
earned 340 points in 1969-1970. [In other words, Bush earned enough points to
satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969-1970 alone. -
acd] He earned 137 points in 1970-1971. And he earned 112 points in 1971-1972.
The numbers indicate that in his first four years, Bush not only showed up, he
showed up a lot. Did you know that? 

That brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many
news reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael
Moore) or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee). Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a
Senate campaign. His superior officers said OK. Requests like that weren’t
unusual, says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and
1971. “In 1972, there was an enormous glut of pilots,” Campenni says. “The
Vietnam War was winding down, and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs.
In ’72 or ’73, if you were a pilot, active or Guard, and you had an obligation
and wanted to get out, no problem. In fact, you were helping them solve their
problem.” So Bush stopped flying. From May 1972 to May 1973, he earned just 56
points — not much, but enough to meet his requirement. Then, in 1973, as Bush
made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School, he again
started showing up frequently. In June and July of 1973, he accumulated 56
points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year. Then, at
his request, he was given permission to go. Bush received an honorable discharge
after serving five years, four months and five days of his original six-year
commitment. By that time, however, he had accumulated enough points in each year
to cover six years of service. During his service, Bush received high marks as a
pilot. A 1970 evaluation said Bush “clearly stands out as a top notch fighter
interceptor pilot” and was “a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for
leadership.” A 1971 evaluation called Bush “an exceptionally fine young officer
and pilot” who “continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase
his proficiency even further.” And a 1972 evaluation called Bush “an exceptional
fighter interceptor pilot and officer.” Now, it is only natural that news
reports questioning Bush’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times,
on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now. Democrats are spitting mad
over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.
And, as it is with Kerry, it’s reasonable to look at a candidate’s entire
record, including his military service — or lack of it. Voters are perfectly
able to decide whether it’s important or not in November. The Kerry camp blames
Bush for the Swift boat veterans’ attack, but anyone who has spent much time
talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their
own reasons. And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally
questioned Bush’s service, while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry’s. In
April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “has
yet to explain to America whether or not, and tell the truth, about whether he
showed up for duty.” Earlier, Kerry said, “Just because you get an honorable
discharge does not, in fact, answer that question.” Now, after the Swift boat
episode, the spotlight has returned to Bush. That’s fine. We should know as much
as we can. 

And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records as well.
Byron York is a White House correspondent for National Review. His column
appears in The Hill each week. 

One week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie,
yet strikingly familiar. I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war
is looming this week. There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30
January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives,
but at the same time, many others are already dreading it. The interim
government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the
day of elections, but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000
(or so) balloting centres. Many voting centres have already been successfully
attacked or destroyed in many areas. Now that the picture is clear, the two main
competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi's
Al-Iraqiya list. Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his list, have
quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning. One minister
reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press
conference for Allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis.
Sheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistani, affirmed the claims that the
Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition list. Indeed, Sistani's
agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on
the merits of elections, which has led to the assassination of at least two of
them. Al-Abbudi stated that "His Emminence" decided to openly support the list
because "others" (obviously a reference to Allawi) have been abusing official
state positions and media outlets in their campaigning. Again there is no
official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegation,
which I think is intentional. Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim
Al-Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media. Chalabi
describing Sha'lan as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and
the CIA", while Sha'lan dismisses Chalabi as a "thief" and an "Iranian stooge
who longs for his own origins by defending Iran". One remark made by Sha'lan on
Al-Arabiya TV, that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would
embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor. It was an
extremely amusing episode, watching Chalabi looking smug and amused, contrasted
with Sha'lan, all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing. Fistfights,
please. 

Hazim Al-Sha'lan, by the way, is the son of the late Sheikh of Al-Khaza'il in
Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister, M.S.
Al-Sahaf, in his nonsensical media statements, which can be passed as jokes. The
main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) is barely mentioned outside the
Kurdish region. Even there, many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab
the chance to vote them out of power. I doubt that will be the outcome though.
Many Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqis, are surprisingly
rooting for the Iraqi Communist party, probably in an attempt to counter the
influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assembly. The Communist party
has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be
considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq. Its support base is
much larger than what it seems. *** 

Several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks, others
have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the
Islamic party. Sectarian tensions are at their highest since April, 2004, with
Sunni insurgents now openly attacking Husseiniyas and Shia mosques. I had an
interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in
Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, Baghdad. After asking me which
tribe I belong to (thus assessing my sectarian background) he started hurling
abuses at the Shia, calling them Persians, Majoos (fire worshippers), rabid dogs
and a handful of other descriptions that I can't mention here. He described
Allawi's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a
band of thieves and traitors. I didn't argue with him but I asked him what he
believed would be a viable solution to this mess. He said that resistance was
the only commonsense solution. First driving out the Americans, then fighting
the Shia back into submission (as in 1991). Sunni Iraqis contend that elections
are impossible to hold under occupation. Leaving aside the fact that this views
conflicts with other historical examples in the region, Sunnis have never
offered an alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the
opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are
planning to implement. I had another conversation some months ago with a retired
Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third
coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawal. On
sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that Ba'athist cells exist
in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command, even though
many have formed seperate cells (often under Islamic labels) with their own
leaderships. He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the
support of neighbouring and regional governments. I concur that Ba'athists and
former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of
18 governorates, along with the capital, if Americans are to be removed from the
picture entirely. But I also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing
Sunnis harm, because I don't believe the US is going anywhere so soon. Any
government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not
even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops, despite what he is
saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or
that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case Iran) to back them up.
The only hope now is that, following the elections, the National Assembly would
offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties. I would
suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics, since they have the upper
hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst
in return for a promise of sharing power and authority. Many of these Sheikhs
have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years. Very recently, US
forces in Al-Anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing Abdul-Razaq
Inad Al-Gu'ud, Sheikh of the Al-Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe.
Al-Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government. The
Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al-Anbar governor some
months back. The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in
the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air
Force general belonging to their tribe. The revolt took two weeks to be
suppressed by the Republican Guard. Another bad step was the recent arrest of
Sheikh Hassan Al-Lihabi, of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the
governorates of Al-Anbar, Mosul and Salah Al-Din. Al-Lihaibi was running in
elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident. I believe
national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq. The Shia
cannot live without the Sunnis, and vice versa. Both have shared this country
for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without
the other. Even partition is not a possibility, there are no clear borders
between the two. 

Remember Luis Posada Carriles ? 

Here's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA
operative in a luxury condo, published yesterday. ("At first I hid a lot. I
thought the US government was looking for me. Now I hide a lot less.") Because
of such talk, Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials. I
can't imagine they wanted to do this. Authorities would likely have been happy
answering questions about Posada's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug. As
recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had
entered the country. But comfortable among the thugs, Posada overplayed his hand
and embarrassed his old patron, the US government. And though he'd been a
faithful servant, he was not such a player that he could get away with that. He
should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners
want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring. Posada should have told any
inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like Meiring told the single
American reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the Philippines,
that "If this harms me in any way, you will find my power then, and you'll find
out who I am." But then, maybe that wouldn't have saved him either, because
Posada is not Meiring. Posada can be given up, but Meiring can't. Meiring's
crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the "War on Terror." They
happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable
node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations
conduct with each other. (Ask Terry Nichols about the Philippines.) The bombings
implicated Muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and
its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit.
Posada's crimes, on the other hand, must seem like ancient history, especially
to a people who don't know their history. And to those who don't even know their
crimes, not even that. But will Posada be given up? I doubt he will be
extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered
with a Yes. I expect it will be determined that, under "Strong Man" Hugo Chavez,
Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial. The hope may be that Posada can
soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi-like puppet in Caracas. Whether such an
offer were accepted or declined would make no difference; justice would not be
served then. But Posada's nearly 80 years old, and the Venezuelan people will
ensure that's a vain hope. So instead Posada may be held indefinitely, in
comfortable custody. An embarrassment to the US still, just not as embarrassing
as having the old killer strut about Miami, gloating in his freedom. Meiring is
more than an embarrassment. His case threatens the consensus fiction of the "War
on Terror." So his name will remain unspoken. Another connection to Philippine
terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980s- is alleged in the book
Disposable Patriot, by Jack Terrell. Terrell, a CIA asset originally recruited
for the Contra effort, identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the
Philippine scheme as Oliver North...I seem to recall the object was to smuggle
explosives. http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/ASIN/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939

I've read the book- it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth,
especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of
Contra drug connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting
by the TWIG counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra
effort, staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North, Robert Owen, Vince
Cannistaro and Buck Revell. Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how
Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics. ...
same ole, same ole... Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent
could not testify using a pseudonym, therefore opening him to cross-examination
by Wilson, the prosecution had a problem. They needed someone that could
convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files
on Wilson. Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold
the C-4 to Quaddaffi. The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his
contacts from former service in both CIA and the 'Office of Naval Intelligence'.
Wilson had been able to show that he'd had more than 80 "non-social contacts"
with the CIA since his retirement in 1971, leaving the prosecution's case in
turmoil. Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue. Third ranking CIA officer,
Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd, 1983, that on November 8th, 1982,
he had authorized a search of CIA records "for any material that in any way
pertains to Edwin P. Wilson, or the various allegations concerning his
activities after February 28th, 1971, when he retired from the CIA." The Briggs
Declaration states that with one exception in 1972, Wilson did not work
"directly or indirectly" for the CIA since retiring.
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/ 

Last week, Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, Texas, threw out
Wilson's two-decades old conviction. Judge Hughes wrote: `government knowingly
used false evidence against him,' concluding `honesty comes hard to government.'
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm 

http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html 

looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna.. 

Former Pastor, Deputy Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse 

PONCHATOULA, La. -- Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana made a third arrest
Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual
abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., church. Austin Aaron
Bernard III, 36, was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under
the age of 13. Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with
a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts
involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church. Tangipahoa Parish
sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24, was booked Tuesday on one count of
aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature. On Monday, Louis
Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Church, was booked with two counts of
aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the
Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office and said he could implicate others in a
situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago. We have a
similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and
missing children taken for some purpose. If I was Rummy I'd send Posada to Iraq
to blow things up there. 

yeah, "things"... 

Yesterday evening, the Posada story was featured in the public television news
show in Germany (ARD, Tagesthemen). The newly released papers, showing him
complicit in the airliner bombing, were mentioned gandalf 

Now that's a post I can relate to. You really got me thinking, I enjoy reading
this blog. I don't know how others feel, but I'm definitely looking into
immigration to Canada as an option. The good Ã³l US of A aint what it used to
be. I like yuor blog. Please check out my who let the dog out blog. 

hey that's a great blog, I also have a site about los angeles online dating you
can check it out : los angeles online dating 

This is a excellent blog. Keep it going. 

This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service. It pretty
much covers dating stuff. 

I'll be sure to come back. 

Hey I just love your blog. I also have a dating advice blog/site. I mostly deals
with dating advice 

Please come and check it out if you get the time! 

I was searching for dog food info and found this post. I agree totally! Paul 

How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is
Custom-Designed To YOUR Specifications.........And At NO COST To You? You CAN Do
It. And It's Not Hard To Do.... IF You Know HOW. 

Don't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look. 

The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $21,000......
And......You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You.
Get-A-Free-House.com 

+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian
intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny. In recent months, its
fallibility has become evident. The inability to foresee in advance the
assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi
prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka,
and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and
imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence
failure. + Trouble on India's islands 

Ramtanu Maitra 

In early February, India charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar with hiding
in the Landfall Islands, part of the Andaman Islands group (see end note). These
alleged members of the Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity
Party in Myanmar, have been charged with illegal entry. It is likely, but not
certain, that they will be deported to Myanmar. But the news of the Arakan
rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New
Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands. Reports are circulating in the
intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar
rebels. It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
(LTTE), who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea. Information pointing in
this direction came to light after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy
toll on the Andamans. Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found
they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the
Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with
India's "blue water navy". Deteriorating security 

Security problems in the Andaman Sea are not new, but they have deteriorated
during the past few years, in tandem with a deterioration in the security
situation in Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan, and particularly in the northeastern
Indian states of Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura. While the Indian army has become
rock-solid in the western front, and has developed the capability of
withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector, it has become highly
vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a national army but a
multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug-running militants operating
between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh. The Andaman
Sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572 large and small islands
that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base. The
drugs and arms travel in all directions. Since the "Sea Tigers" of the LTTE,
better known as the Tamil Tigers, are the ones who rule the Andaman Sea: they
carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh
and all along the east coast of Africa. It is old news that the Tamil Tigers
have developed a strong network within South Africa. This is not unknown to New
Delhi. A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair, in the Andamans, quoted
an unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri
Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake Indian ration cards,
while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated
temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave. "Port Blair, Havelock
Islands, Diglipur, Middle Nicobar, Campbell's Bay, Neil Islands and Rangott are
mostly overrun by foreigners," he said. An official estimate issued in 2003
suggests there are 50,000 "foreigners" in the Andaman Islands, but unofficial
figures are much higher than this. A large number of them are Bangladeshis, who
like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to
settle elsewhere. As most of them have few technical skills, and the Andamans
have little demand for them in any case, they turn to smuggling and other
unlawful activities. The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash
and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous. Reports from Port Blair make
it evident that New Delhi gets little on-the-ground intelligence, and the Indian
Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to
the islands. One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying, "Arms smuggling is a
very profitable business in this region." Considering the islands' huge
strategic importance, it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been. These islands
sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300
tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and
Southeast Asia. Intelligence lapses 

As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian
intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny. In recent months, its
fallibility has become evident. The inability to foresee in advance the
assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi
prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka,
and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and
imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence
failure. With growing economic and military power, India will be dependent on
smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security. Unless
New Delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels,
secessionists, drug runners and arms traffickers, it will not generate much
confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations. In fact, it would tend to
encourage more organized anti-India outfits, such as the Pakistani
Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) and outside-linked Maoists, to exploit these
networks and weaken India's eastern flank. Indian intelligence's lackluster
performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling. This formidable enemy, which
gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s, has been operating in
northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time. In 2001, according to
Indian army officials, security forces launched a wide-ranging operation in the
300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar, and found huge
caches of arms. The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and "other terrorist
groups". The search-and-destroy operation was carried out by the Indian
government after repeated requests from Colombo. In addition, LTTE activity in
the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers. The biggest LTTE maritime
disaster was reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek in 2001. A shipment of
weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from
Cambodia and worth several million dollars, left the port of Phuket in Thailand
in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3. As is LTTE standard
procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to Horizon. On its journey across
the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based
spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center; it was intercepted by Indian
naval vessels off Sri Lanka's east coast. LTTE arms-running 

In 1997, the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16-meter boat after a
chase off the Thai port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons
and ammunition. Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket-propelled-grenade
launchers, 20 assault rifles, M-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds
of ammunition. Four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the Manipur
Revolutionary People's Front. Six crew members were from the Arakan region of
Myanmar. The boat was heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh. Until 1995 the
LTTE maintained a base at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the
Andaman islands. Subsequently, Phuket became the LTTE's main backup base. A Sri
Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in
2000 for his links with the LTTE. At the time of his arrest, the suspect was
allegedly involved in constructing a "submarine" in a shipyard on the island of
Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast. Steady buildup 

The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building-up of ports and
conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups.
Over the past decade, Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness.
A number of extremist groups, under the cover of the Islamist movement, have
become active in drug trafficking, gun running and anti-Indian activities. It is
widely acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of extremist
Islamist groups, such as the Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami, in the port city of
Chittagong, and put a number of secessionist rebels from India's northeast in
touch with this terrorist network. As a result, north of the Andaman Islands,
Bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the
shipment of drugs and arms. A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms
are brought by the LTTE from Laos, Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong, from
where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan. The route from Kalikhola
in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar passes through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya,
and on into Chittagong. Note 

India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000
kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal. Stretching 750 kilometers
from end to end, they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in
Indonesia. The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans, which are the larger and
more heavily populated northern islands, from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in
the south. On South Andaman, the most heavily populated island, is Port Blair,
which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago. Travel
to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians, and they are also not
allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island. Ramtanu Maitra writes for a
number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the
Washington-based EIR and the New Delhi-based Indian Defense Review. He also
writes for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journal. 

[ Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan
in Afghanistan. Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar
and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani
Balochistan. Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based
in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad. “There have no business being there
unless they are undermining Pakistan,’’ says a Pakistani official. Both India
and Afghanistan deny the claim. ‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an
Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it
very seriously,” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security
Directorate. ] Karzai, Musharraf new regional equations 

KABUL: For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant
interference from its neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian
Republics - and regional powers -Russia and India. The neighbours are still
interfering, but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan’s
stability they may now be trying to strengthen it. “The elections should be a
reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable Afghanistan, a peaceful
Afghanistan is good for all. Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan,’’
President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan’s English daily The Nation. All the
regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the
electoral process, but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their
favourite contenders in Afghanistan. Since September 11, Pakistan has been
repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban
extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections, but at the highest level
the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that
he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan. That changed on
September 22 when President George W. Bush, Musharraf and Karzai held a three
way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. The meeting
was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were
desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the
non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban. Western and Afghan
diplomats intimately involved with the meeting, said Bush pushed Musharraf hard
on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully. ‘’Where
are Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar?’’ Bush is reported to
have asked a flustered Musharraf. All three are extremist Taliban or their
allies and known to be living in Pakistan. (Mullah Omar is leader of the
Taliban, Usmani is the former corps commander of Kandahar under the Taliban
regime and now a commander of Taliban forces while Hikmetyar heads the extremist
Hizb-e-Islami.) ‘’It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban
threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis,’’ says a Western diplomat.
‘’Bush was very well briefed before the meeting,’’ the diplomat said. An Afghan
official at the meeting added, ‘’The Americans now realise that the Taliban are
a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda.’’ Karzai was clearly pleased at
the results. ‘’President Musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on
curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban,’’ says Karzai. The next day an angry
Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to
Iraq, a clear snub to the Americans. Until then he had said Pakistan’s options
were open. However Pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected
to the tripartite meeting. US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too
early to say whether Bush’s tough message was instrumental in persuading
Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the
elections. However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side.
‘’Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there
before,’’ says Lt. General David Barno. ‘’There is much better tactical
cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border, but the movement of
Taliban still goes on both ways,’’ he adds. Also several days before the
elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan
which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan. However US military
officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the
Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban
and the mullahs of the JUI. At the same time the US remains oblivious of the
serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its
operations in Waziristan. Not only is the army facing serious political fallout,
growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is
also taking heavy casualties -between 400-500 Pakistani soldiers have been
killed in the region since March. Musharraf has always maintained that the US
has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in
Baluchistan. That too may change. US and Afghan intelligence will shortly be
presenting the ISI with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected
whereabouts. Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and
bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in
Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency. With the Taliban
failure to disrupt the Afghan elections, the militants are even more isolated
from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home. Until now Pakistan has not
facilitated such a return and clearly it cannot happen until there is both a
pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad. With President Karzai certain to win
the elections and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figures such as
General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan, there is now little reason for moderate
Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures if they
return home. Their removal should also provide increased motivation for Pakistan
to help the return of moderate Taliban. Afghan officials welcomed the
appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief.
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the
Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US
military on issues related to border issues. Karzai also has to deal with the
stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan. Islamabad accuses
New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi
insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan. Pakistani officials claim
there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in
Jalalabad. “There have no business being there unless they are undermining
Pakistan,’’ says a Pakistani official. Both India and Afghanistan deny the
claim. ‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan
soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,” says
Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate. Karzai
categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse
action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be
acted upon swiftly. Senior US diplomats and military officials have warned India
also. In a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of
Karzai, Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik
dominated former Northern Alliance made strenuous efforts to convince
presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the
elections and not to oppose Karzai. Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would
loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream. Qanooni refused to
accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand
against Karzai. However since the elections Iranian influence has proved
critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the
results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same. With the
US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and
Afghanistan, Iran’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that
the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced. However powerful hardliners in Tehran
may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the
rift with the moderates. Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US
occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from
Iran’s border. The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made
possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat
province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners. Iranian
officials say they made no objections to Khan’s ouster because they want to
strengthen Karzai’s campaign against warlords. At a time of heightened tensions
between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by
neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran
aggressively, the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as a listening post,
spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US actions against Iran.
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and
helicopters to Shindand. However General Barno insists the US presence poses no
threat to Iran. ‘’We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few
helicopters,’’ says Barno. Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and
sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the
US and Iran. ‘’Afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the US
and Iran. So far what they have done together has been good for us and that’s
how we would like to keep it’’, says Karzai. Nobody can claim that the
interference of Afghanistan’s neighbours is over, but the elections will do much
to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours’ interference. In the
post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the Taliban do not
have the support of the Afghan people nor the Afghan Pashtuns. In a highly
significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the
Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections, they
would be resisted. Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President
Karzai. It is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of
Afghanistan, the demise of key Northern Alliance figures and the fluid political
situation in Afghanistan, Pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving
unlimited sanctuary to Taliban extremists living on Pakistani soil. Pakistan
Link 16/10/2004 

The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family
have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way.
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false
and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false . Most of those
making the charges have even flip-flopped, contradicting themselves. Or they
weren't eyewitnesses and are just lying. But to address the substance of this
Big Lie is to risk falling into its logic. The true absurdity of the entire
situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never
showed any bravery at all at any point in his life. He has never lived in a war
zone. If some of John Kerry's wounds were superficial, Bush received no wounds.
(And, a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would
have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain; the shrapnel being in
your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and didn't absent yourself from
it. That is the logic of the medal). Kerry saved a man's life while under fire.
Bush did no such thing. 

What was Bush doing with his youth? He was drinking. He was drinking like a
fish, every night, into the wee hours. For decades. He gave no service to
anyone, risked nothing, and did not even slack off efficiently. The history of
alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks
to Bush's character as an addictive personality, but may tell us something about
his erratic and alarming actions as president. His explosive temper probably
provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing 600 Iraqis, most
of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries,
one of them a South African. (Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet,
"Let heads roll!") That temper is only one problem. Bush has a sadistic streak.
He clearly enjoyed, as governor, watching executions. His delight in killing
people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed, in one debate, to enjoy
the prospect of executing wrong-doers a little too much. He has clearly gone on
enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq. Drug abuse can affect the
ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy. Two decades of
pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush
damaged goods. Even for those who later abstain, "visual-spatial abilities,
abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memory, are the slowest to
recover." That he managed to get on the wagon (though with that pretzel
incident, you wonder how firmly) is laudable. But he suffers the severe effects
of the aftermath, and we are all suffering along with him now, since he is the
most powerful man in the world. We all know by now that Bush did not even do his
full service with the Texas Air National Guard, absenting himself to work on the
Alabama senate campaign of Winton "Red" Blount. Whether he was actually AWOL
during this stint is unclear. But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off
on his National Guard service, but he slacked off from his campaign work. This
little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on
National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004, gives a
devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that
period. "All Things Considered (8:00 PM ET) - NPR March 30, 2004 Tuesday This
campaign season, there have been questions about whether George W. Bush
fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the
early 1970s. For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone
who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the
National Guard there. There is one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present
nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton
"Red" Blount. President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the
reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard. NPR's Wade Goodwyn has
this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaign. WADE GOODWYN reporting: 

In 1972, Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman smack-dab in the middle of an
exciting US Senate campaign. Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler, and in
that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel. Ask her about the handsome
young man from Texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was
yesterday. Ms. BABA GROOM (Former Campaign Worker): He would wear khaki trousers
and some old jacket. He was always ready to go out on the road. On the phone,
you could hear his accent. It was a Texas accent. But he just melded with
everybody. GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had
gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business. Prominent Southern
Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days. Blount's support of
the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon's postmaster general. In
Washington, Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush's father,
then Congressman Bush. That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to
Montgomery, at his father's urging . . . It was Mr. Bush's job to organize the
Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties. Back in 1972 in the
Deep South, many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official
Republican Party apparatus. But throughout Alabama, there were Republicans and
Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount. It was the young Texan's job to find
out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those
supplies to them. Groom says this job helped Mr. Bush understand how even in a
statewide Senate campaign, politics are local. . . . Murph Archibald is Red
Blount's nephew by marriage, and in 1972, he was coming off a 15-month tour in
Vietnam in the infantry. Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated
workers, Mr. Bush was not one of them. Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD (Nephew of Red
Blount): Well, I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings.
Ordinarily, George would come in around noon; he would ordinarily leave around
5:30 or 6:00 in the evening. GOODWYN: Archibald says that two months before the
election, in September of '72, Red Blount's campaign manager came to him and
asked that he quietly take over Mr. Bush's job because the campaign materials
were not getting out to the counties. Mr. ARCHIBALD: George certainly didn't
seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign
workers there. My overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in
the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters.
GOODWYN: Murph Archibald says that at first, he didn't know that Mr. Bush was
serving in the Air National Guard. After he found out from somebody else,
Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it. The president was a lieutenant
and Archibald had been a lieutenant, too; he figured they had something to talk
about. Mr. ARCHIBALD: George didn't have any interest at all in talking about
the military. In fact, when I broached the subject with him, he simply changed
the subject. He wasn't unpleasant about it, but he just changed the subject and
wouldn't talk about it. GOODWYN: Far from Texas and Washington, DC, Mr. Bush
enjoyed his freedom. He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign.
He went out in the evenings and had a good time. In fact, he left the house he
rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier
destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the
unpaid repair bill. Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a
friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before,
kind of as a conversation starter. Mr. ARCHIBALD: People have different ways of
starting the days in any office. They're going to talk about their kids, they're
going to talk about football, they're going to talk about the weather. And this
was simply his opening gambit; he would start talking about that he had been out
late the night before drinking. GOODWYN: Archibald says the frequency with which
Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him. Mr. ARCHIBALD: I mean, at
that time, I was 28; George would have been 25 or 26. And I thought it was
really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations,
particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign,
by talking about their drinking the night before. I thought it unusual and,
frankly, inappropriate. GOODWYN: According to Archibald, Mr. Bush would also
sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven, and how whenever he
got pulled over for erratic driving, he was let go after the officers discovered
he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator. Archibald, a middle-class
Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat--didn't like that
story. Mr. ARCHIBALD: He told us whenever he was stopped, as soon as the law
enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush, they would let
him go. And he would always laugh about that. " 

Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom didn't remember George telling drunk
stories. But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like
Bush told the "girls". He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him.
Again, decades of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched. Our
world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger. It should not be left in the
hands of a man who spent his life like this. 

When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men 

Just remember that death is not the end 

And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen 

Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan 

Afraid I don't have time today to discuss these, but some stories need
attention: From Wednesday's Mirror the headline, "Have 200,000 AK47s Fallen Into
the Hands of Iraq Terrorists?" (also see this thread on the RI discussion
board): Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been
smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday. The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was
to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia. But the four
planeloads of arms have vanished. 

Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense. But
the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders . And the
Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003
for smuggling arms to Liberia, human rights group Amnesty has discovered. It
follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police
and army instead went to al-Qaeda . Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said:
"It's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles. If these
weapons have gone missing it's a terrifying prospect." American defence chiefs
hired a US firm to take the guns, from the 90s Bosnian war, to Iraq. But air
traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly
took off between July 2004 and July 2005. A coalition forces spokesman confirmed
they had not received "any weapons from Bosnia" and added they were "not aware
of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia". Nato and US officials have already
voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being
passed to insurgents. A NATO spokesman said: "There's no tracking mechanism to
ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands. There are concerns that some may
have been siphoned off." This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were
involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to
al-Qaeda. The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes , it's one of Victor Bout's .
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the
incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest
mainstream critics. But then, even to talk of an "administration" may be
misdirection at this point, given how little representative government means in
the United States these days, and how much of "national security" has been
privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns. Like the tens of billions
of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraq, planeloads of arms don't just
"vanish"; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal
of Bout's untouchable stature. But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in
whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others
beneath the media's frothing triviality. Meanwhile, a decision's been reached in
the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson. And it's guilty : 

The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony-faced as the jury's guilty verdict was
read, and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away
in handcuffs. ... 

The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown
Toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980. Investigators said the nun,
Margaret Ann Pahl, 71, was strangled and then stabbed, with nine wounds on her
chest forming the shape of an inverted cross, a well-recognized Satanic symbol.
An altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she
had been sexually assaulted. "It was about how he could humiliate her the most,"
prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments. "He left a message for
everyone to see ... maybe to God himself." After the sentencing one of
Robinson's tearful supporters "turned to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of
the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen
the case, and told her, 'I hope you rot in hell!'" From SNAP's statement on the
Robinson conviction: 

More than ever, police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after
horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or
institutions . When victims and witnesses stay silent, nothing changes. When
victims and witnesses speak up, at least sometimes a child is protected, the
truth is exposed, and justice is done. The murder weapon, Robinson's letter
opener: 

Finally, from an email, a follow-up on the reopening of the investigation into
the Atlanta Child Murders : Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham...the man
who reopened the investigations last year, is mysteriously stepping down. And of
all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement...is none other
than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD, who was in office
during the murders and the subsequent investigation. SNAP is right in part.
Police and prosecutors have the tools. The will is another matter. Some do,
individually. But institutionally? That's still the domain of those who don't. 

lots of important stories out there today jeff....thank god and a few good souls
for that conviction. Have you sent this to congress yet? 

talk about law enforcement not having the will... 

CRACKDOWN ON POLYGAMY GROUP 

Small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern US under the watchful
yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the
Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints (FLDS) separated itself from mainstream
Mormonism in 1890. ... 

Now, FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's list of "Ten Most
Wanted Fugitives," a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of
approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact
that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the
most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women. When the FLDS
under Mr. Jeffs (and his father before him) grew to some 10,000 followers in
several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $110 million; when it
became clear that government officials, school authorities, and police in those
communities had become intertwined with the sect; when ex-members increasingly
reported child and sexual abuse charges (mainly involving underage girls forced
to marry older men); and when the sect began to use secluded compounds, state
and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously. ... Specifically,
Jeffs is charged in Utah and Arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and
with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older men. At weekend press
conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix, FBI and state officials said Jeffs
"is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards."
In the past, he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the
world, according to former members. ... As with Christian Identity and other
hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity
Movement, Jeffs has preached racism as well. "The black race is the people
through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth,"
Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center's "Intelligence
Report." An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City
earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief
in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national
media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and
law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities."
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5 

Maybe I'm missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'Loose' 200,000
AK47's? "There's no tracking mechanism in place"?!?!? Never mind. No need to
worry. I'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time. We now return you to
your regularly scheduled programming.... 

just go here, its simply amazing 

The Raw Story 

i count like 14 explosive headlines. 

Then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the
Robinson case... Funny how some things are squirelled away by well-meaning
prosecutors... Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of
abusers/satanic underground? I read of a case not long ago when some people were
trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law.
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in
the activity themselves. Personally I don't give a damn what adults do to one
another as long as there is no abuse invovled. It is the marrying off of young
girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me. Also these cults
have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can
live the high life. In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband
displeases him or to reward the new husband. Husbands marry mothers and teen
daughters at the same time. a rare form of retardation is showing up in that
group more than anywhere else in the world. It is genetic and the child needs to
get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking
child. The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep
the blood pure. look up fumarase deficiency for more info. Also look up the
kingston family. One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter
unconcious when she ran away from 'marriage' to her father's own brother. no one
was charged for forced marriage, only the beating. So we "lost" some weapon?
It's a good thing too. We wouldn't want those terrorists to run out of shit to
shoot at us. Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just
evaporate. What's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense
contractors awash in all that tax cash? They really are milking the incompetence
angle though, aren't they? 

Just another big Iraq whoopsie daisy, huh? 

Christ, you'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her
like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots. I suppose that it's
damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots. US
outsourcing special ops, intelligence to Iraq terror group, intelligence
officials say The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and
turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife
in Iran in preparation for any possible attack, former and current intelligence
officials say...
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/US_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html

A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends... 

And MEK -- the Iranian (not Iraqi) terror group in question -- is itself
unquestionably a cult: As the leaders like to boast, the Mujahedeen is a family
affair. (''We have three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers,
daughters.'') Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools
in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents. Family visits were
allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays. When Iraq invaded Kuwait, many of these
girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries --
Germany, France, Canada, Denmark, England, the United States -- where they were
raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters. When they were 18 or
19, many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest
Mujahedeen generation. Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since
from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for
themselves but to blindly follow their leaders. ''Every morning and night, the
kids, beginning as young as 1 and 2, had to stand before a poster of Massoud and
Maryam, salute them and shout praises to them,'' Nadereh Afshari, a former
Mujahedeen deep-believer, told me. Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was
responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war, said that
when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their
education system, the Mujahedeen refused. Many of the children were sent to
Mujahedeen schools, particularly in France. The Rajavis, Afshari went on to say,
''saw these kids as the next generation's soldiers. They wanted to brainwash
them and control them.'' Which may explain the pattern to their stories: a
journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by
the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud. Link 

One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who
set up the deals with these people don't know what they are, don't care, or know
perfectly well. Jeff, SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest
conviction: http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php Umm... 

Question Mark 

Jimmy Plant, Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend
money. That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it. 

Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison. 

Or something like that. 

http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/ 

"Another generation of heavy metal has taken over, and -- sorry -- it ain't just
about strippers and dope. Okay, it's partly about strippers and dope. And we'll
get around to that. But more and more, as metal evolves into a huge
international music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something
weirder. It's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality; real
morality. Praise be: Given the void in responsible behavior among governments,
police, educational establishments and religions, the task of guiding our youth
down the path of righteousness has fallen to... Satan"
Hmmmmmm.................... 

The people who carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals are
trauma based mind controlled slaves. The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes,
it's one of Victor Bout's. 

The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put
some information into it.... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aerocom 

So... put some information in there. You know, nature hates a void. :) Richard,
i agree, Hmmmmmm. How are chants of death and suicide ... morality. What about
Manson's tees bearing the message, "Kill your parents". And were the Columbine
killers acting out this "real morality" when they indescriminately murdered
their classmates. They were death metal brainwashed fans, literally fulfilling
the death metal paradigm, er ... morality. (not church morality, no that is
phoney, love thy neighbor ... hell no, kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL
MORALITY ?????) So, hmmmm indeed. I detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent
in this article. The deathly inversion of truth, ala satanism. 

I think the jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard
to the Columbine killers. Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon
less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over
hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a
lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far
beyond their own congregation. The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way
to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed
(though false) Christians. Irony is dead...Long live Irony! 

That's it. I'm firing my editor. 

Well, it's not as simple and clear cut as all that. 

We're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored
socio-political-spiritual territory here that may require further examination
and serious introspection. The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous
thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion. The
following quote is from that Coogan article: Imaginary evil is romantic and
varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring. Imaginary good is
boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating. - Simone Weil 

Starroute: 

I wouldn't wonder too hard. The answer is likely D: all of the above, due to
this being a complex reality we live in. But to me, without question, they often
know perfectly well. 

Here is a thought: When the appartently cognitively functional take actions that
seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have
ulterior or hidden motives. They trust you and me to be befuddled by their
actions, while they "do as they wilt". http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqDmI4 

To not buying the BS 

& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old. 

Since the article was specifically about "death metal" I guess the author missed
this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of
morality: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm 

One man's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the
most shocking crimes in post-war Italy - a tale of satanism and violence that
has gripped the country for more than a year. In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and
Chiara Marino, both just 16, disappeared. They had been drinking at a pub called
the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never
came home. The police and many of their friends just thought they had run off
together. But their parents refused to accept this. 

Michele Tollis, Fabio's father, began to attend metal concerts and festivals
across Europe, handing out leaflets and quizzing Fabio's friends. Fabio and his
friends were into the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and
black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of
this music is central to the story. No one can contradict me when I say that
heavy metal and satanism are closely linked Michele Tollis It emerged that
Chiara, the girl who disappeared with Fabio, had a collection of satanic
literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom. During this search, Michele Tollis
became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son's disappearance.
"No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely
linked. They're inseparable," he says. 

Yeah, I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months:
"To hell with death". I wholly agree, and would expand that statement to
include: "To hell with death metal". The freaky thing here is that these bozos
are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ? Talk about a
beat-your-head-against-the-wall moment! 

And for 'Smartwolf' above, think about the inversion principle being employed.
They are doing it deliberately. 

Do you really think GWB, and neocons in general are representative of true
followers of Jesus of Nazareth? (I know, ignorant question) Then why call them,
or any other phonies 'Christians', even if they themselves claim the
appellation. They are merely imposters. Everything they claim is a lie, and this
above all. So why even credit their claims? This only serves their purposes.
They want to be identified as 'Christians', and I fully suspect that for some of
them, the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political
advantage, and has a lot more to do with the black magician's practice of the
inversion principle. We need to be more 'rigorous' about how we perceive these
people. See them as they are, not for what they claim to be. ... the most
extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed
with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to
the story. Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century
(except for Italian Futurism) were labeled 'degenerate' by the National
Socialists. Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of 'degenerate art' in 1937,
while curating a parallel show of 'Aryan' art across the street. The German
Expressionist movement was destroyed as a result. Here's a quick overview of the
Entartete Kunst (Degenerate Art) exhibit of 1937:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degenerate_art 

Ironically (or perhaps not), the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art'
was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish
'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration. .
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization. When the
apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and
incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden
motives. They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do
as they wilt." A question: 

Are the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating
or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect 'energy?' Does this
reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place? 

Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the 'imaginary'
Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon, which is this global system.
Is the distinction accurate and valid? Does the distinction actually exist? This
is where the socio- political aspect of this conundrum comes into play.
Confused? 

Good. 

so, enemy, what's your point? Why don't you state it? 

My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the
answers. Here's another interesting example: 

John Balance from Coil. (Don't wish to use Wikipedia again, it's just easier
than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information.)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Balance 

http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html 

Balance died in 2004 after a 'fall.' 

He blended belief systems such as Shamanism, Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism,
Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbued Coil's vast output with a magickal current
designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners. Not 200,000
guns - the numbers dont work: 

5kg per gun, 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers. If the
load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000. E@tG: 

Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help
you in acquiring the answers. "I am, therefore I think" :) 

Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on. 

I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer's market and music event. Lo
and behold, the Mormons were there with a booth. Two young men delivering
information about the Mormon genealogy program. Just give your email and/or
phone number to these guys and they'll track down your family. I was amazed at
the spiel they delivered. Kindly young men, but utterly programmed and
brain-dead. I resisted asking any questions that would have required either of
them to think. It would have been too painful to watch. Has anyone read the
letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503 

I don't know if this has been verified. But succintly making point after succint
point, the text of the letter stands on its own merit, regardless. I like to
imagine the thought processes going on in W's head if he were to actually read
the letter, but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter. As I
read the letter, I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of
whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on!"
America, your condition is dire, dark and deep. 

Of the metal music farce, Ministry has definately made in-road into 'Loose
Change"-"Alex Jones" territory with their new record, Rio Grande Blood.
Important Kos Diary about bush's response to the gathering storm of scandals:
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857 

=Executive Orders - very creepy, very scary They have been accumulating for
years, and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he
feels like it. But who would do a thing like that.... hey wait a minute ==Why
did Bush revoke Executive Order 13011 today? 

by exmearden 

Fri May 12, 2006 at 08:27:46 PM PDT 

In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today, I noticed the following Executive
Order: Executive Order: Amendments to Executive Orders 11030, 13279, 13339,
13381, and 13389, and ***Revocation*** of Executive Order 13011.... I can't
believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI. I'm wary of jumping
into this fray without backup, that's for damn sure. :) I'm a regular poster but
for some reason blogger won't let me in today...but sign me TroubleFunk.
Tronicus: 

Simply, the questions permeate the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and
perhaps 'Eastern' as well, as they relate to the confluence of politics and
spirituality. For example, is the system of Crowleyan Thelema a failed
alchemical process? Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical
appropriation? Similarly, is invoking ancient Egyptian gods and goddesses a
reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system? In my opinion, people
can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual
and political systems. The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political
'factions' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis. In regards to death
metal, the problem is, once again, a question of education, history and the
vacuous lack of perspective in American culture. Shall we censor the works of
poet Charles Baudelaire as well? Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first 'death
metal' artists. Tronicus, if you're still checking this thread: 

A bit of a knee-jerk reaction from me there, and I apologize for my
over-generalizations. My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists, of any
religion. True believers are dangerous animals. I just get hung up on
'Christians', as they're the dominant form where I come from. Also, I'm quite
clear on the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the
top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak
to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses. It boggles
the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush's claims to be a christian, yet
many seem to do just that. I seem to remember something about 'by their works
shall ye know them." I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old
'Rock-N-Roll made them do it' argument. Whie I don't subscribe to the notion
that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I
think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a
specific group of people to pin the blame on. Sub-cultures (as the lable
implies) do not develope in a vacuum. 

Again, I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos, and
begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly. These people are
dangerous wether they're head-banging to 'Canibal Corpse' or humming along to
'Onward Christian Soldiers'. (The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole
other topic....) I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to
non-violence, forgiveness, and charity, but it's important to remember that
Christians (or 'Smartwolves') do not have a monopoly on that particular
lifestyle. Peace. 

The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela
wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing
on their way to Iraq is definitely sus. I guess those guns will be located
enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US's local stooges
and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two. 

Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail. It is the
text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large
multi-nation corporation. It's a long but very worthwhile read. "A View from the
Eye of the Storm" 

Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board
of a large multi-national corporation, April, 2004: "As you know, I usually
provide the scientific and technological "entertainment" in our meetings, but,
on this occasion, our Chairman suggested that I present my own personal view on
events in the part of the world from which I come. I have never been and I will
never be a Government official and I have no privileged information. My
perspective is entirely based on what I see, on what I read and on the fact that
my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years. You may regard my views
as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when
you visit a country. I could have shared with you some fascinating facts and
some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflict. However, I will touch
upon it only in passing. I prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader
picture of the region and its place in world events. I refer to the entire area
between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem,
but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities. Why do I
put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood? Because Israel and any
problems related to it, in spite of what you might read or hear in the world
media, is not the central issue, and has never been the central issue in the
upheaval in the region. Yes, there is a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict, but
it is not where the main show is. The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had
nothing to do with Israel. The mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where
the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens, has nothing
to do with Israel. The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of
hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have nothing
to do with Israel. Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait, endanger Saudi Arabia
and butcher his own people because of Israel. Egypt did not use poison gas
against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel. Assad the Father did not kill tens
of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of
Israel. The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing
to do with Israel. The Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had nothing to do
with Israel, and I could go on and on and on. The root of the trouble is that
this entire Moslem region is totally dysfunctional, by any standard of the word,
and would have been so even if Israel had joined the Arab league and an
independent Palestine had existed for 100 years. The 22 member countries of the
Arab league, from Mauritania to the Gulf States, have a total population of 300
millions, larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion.
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe. These 22
countries, with all their oil and natural resources, have a combined GDP smaller
than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California
alone. Within this meager GDP, the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief
and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business, but by
being corrupt rulers. The social status of women is far below what it was in the
Western World 150 years ago. Human rights are below any reasonable standard, in
spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights
commission. According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals
and published under the auspices of the U.N., the number of books translated by
the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates.
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than
that of 6 million Israelis. Birth rates in the region are very high, increasing
the poverty, the social gaps and the cultural decline. And all of this is
happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next
wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point
in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world. It is fair to say
that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators, terror
networks, fanaticism, incitement, suicide murders and general decline. It is
also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the
United States, on Israel, on Western Civilization, on Judaism and Christianity,
on anyone and anything, except themselves. A word about the millions of decent,
honest, good people who are either devout Moslems or are not very religious but
grew up in Moslem families: They are double victims of an outside world, which
now develops Islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart
by being totally dysfunctional. The problem is that the vast silent majority of
these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement, but they also do
not stand up against it. They become accomplices, by omission, and this applies
to political leaders, intellectuals, business people and many others. Many of
them can certainly tell right from wrong, but are afraid to express their views.
The events of the last few years have amplified four issues, which have always
existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the
region. A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a
World War, but we are already well into it. These are the four main pillars of
the current World Conflict, or perhaps we should already refer to it as "the
undeclared World War III": *1. The first element is the suicide murder.* 

Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if I
may use this expression, only lately. Even after September 11, it seems that
most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon. It is a very
potent psychological weapon. Its real direct impact is relatively minor. The
total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the
last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents. September 11
was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes More people die from
AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of
Chechnya-based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started. Saddam
killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders
since the Coalition occupation of Iraq. So what is all the fuss about suicide
killings? It creates headlines. It is spectacular. It is frightening. It is a
very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries
to many of the wounded. It is always shown on television in great detail. One
such murder, with the help of hysterical media coverage, can destroy the tourism
industry of a country for quite a while, as it did in Bali and in Turkey. But
the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive
measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer. This has not yet
penetrated the thinking of the Western World. The U.S. and Europe are constantly
improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one. We may
arrange for the best airport security in the world. But if you want to murder by
suicide, you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill
many people. Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line
waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector? How about the lines to the
check-in counters in a busy travel period? Put a metal detector in front of
every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses. Protect the
buses and they will explode in movie theaters, concert halls, supermarkets,
shopping malls, schools and hospitals. Put guards in front of every concert hall
and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this
line will be the target, not to speak of killing the guards themselves. You can
somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by
strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a
defensive way. And it is a war! 

What is behind the suicide murders? Money is, money and power and cold-blooded
murderous incitement, nothing else. It has nothing to do with true fanatic
religious beliefs. No Moslem preacher has ever blown himself up. No son of an
Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up. No relative of
anyone influential has done it. Wouldn't you expect some of the religious
leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is
truly a supreme act of religious fervor? Aren't they interested in the benefits
of going to Heaven? Instead, they send outcast women, naive children, retarded
people and young incited hotheads. They promise them the delights, mostly
sexual, of the next world, and pay their families handsomely after the supreme
act is performed and enough innocent people are dead. Suicide murders also have
nothing to do with poverty and despair. 

The poorest region in the world, by far, is Africa. It never happens there.
There are numerous desperate people in the world, in different cultures,
countries and continents. Desperation does not provide anyone with explosives,
reconnaissance and transportation. There was certainly more despair in Saddam's
Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraq, and no one exploded himself. A suicide murder
is simply a horrible, vicious weapon of cruel, inhuman, cynical, well-funded
terrorists, with no regard to human life, including the life of their fellow
countrymen, but with very high regard to their own affluent well-being and their
hunger for power. The only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical
to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas:
the offensive way. Like in the case of organized crime, it is crucial that the
forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the
crime pyramid. You cannot eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug
dealer on the street corner. You must go after the head of the "Family". If part
of the public supports it, others tolerate it, many are afraid of it and some
try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood, organized crime
will thrive and so will terrorism. The United States understands this now, after
September 11. Russia is beginning to understand it. Turkey understands it well.
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it.
Unfortunately, it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide
murders arrive in Europe in a big way. In my humble opinion, this will
definitely happen. The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the
beginning. The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is
absolutely indispensable. Until Europe wakes up, this unity will not be
achieved. 

*2. The second ingredient is words, more precisely lies.* 

Words can be lethal. They kill people. It is often said that politicians,
diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie, as
part of their professional life. But the norms of politics and diplomacy are
childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute
deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are
talking about. An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that
September 11 never happened, or was an American provocation or, even better, a
Jewish plot. You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad
Said al-Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside
Baghdad. Disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic. But to stand, day
after day, and to make such preposterous statements, known to everybody to be
lies, without even being ridiculed in your own milieu, can only happen in this
region. Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester, but this
did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time.
It also does not prevent the Western press from giving credence, every day, even
now, to similar liars. After all, if you want to be an anti-Semite, there are
subtle ways of doing it. You do not have to claim that the holocaust never
happened, and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed. But millions of
Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case. When these same leaders
make other statements, the Western media report them as if they could be true.
It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch
suicide murderers, condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras,
talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them. It is a daily
routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his
people and in English to the rest of the world. Incitement by Arab TV,
accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies, has become a powerful weapon
of those who lie, distort and want to destroy everything. Little children are
raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrs, and the Western
World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas
and game shows. I recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand
Arabic, to watch Al Jazeera, from time to time. You will not believe your own
eyes. 

But words also work in other ways, more subtle. A demonstration in Berlin,
carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies
dressed as suicide murderers, is defined by the press and by political leaders
as a "peace demonstration". You may support or oppose the Iraq war, but to refer
to fans of Saddam, Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much. A
woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day, eats, observes families with
old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the
bill. She then blows herself up, killing 20 people, including many children,
with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant. She is called "martyr" by
several Arab leaders and "activist" by the European press. Dignitaries condemn
the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows. There is a new game
in town: The actual murderer is called "the military wing", the one who pays
him, equips him and sends him is now called "the political wing" and the head of
the operation is called the "spiritual leader". There are numerous other
examples of such Orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror
chiefs but also by Western media. These words are much more dangerous than many
people realize. They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities. It was
Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will
believe it. He is now being outperformed by his successors. 

*3. The third aspect is money.* 

Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this
dysfunctional part of the world, are channeled into three concentric spheres
supporting death and murder. In the inner circle are the terrorists themselves.
The money funds their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft
vulnerable targets. The inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states
like Iran and Syria, until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by
some of the Communist regimes. These states, as well as the Palestinian
Authority, are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors. They are
surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders,
preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by
serving as terror infrastructure. Finally, we find the third circle of so-called
religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good,
feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with
hatred, lies and ignorance. This circle operates mostly through mosques,
madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic
and printed media. It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior,
that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal.
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the
Moslem world, for the miseries of the region. The outer circle is largely
financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities
in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of
European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations
organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by
agents of the outer circle. The Saudi regime, of course, will be the next victim
of major terror, when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle. The
Saudis are beginning to understand it, but they fight the inner circles, while
still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle. Figuratively speaking,
this outer circle is the guardian, which makes sure that the people look and
listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement, rather than to the
world outside. Some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result
of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circles. The horrifying added factor is
the high birth rate. Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age
of 20, the most receptive age to incitement, guaranteeing two more generations
of blind hatred. Some of the leaders of these various circles live very
comfortably on their loot. You meet their children in the best private schools
in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers. The Jihad "soldiers"
join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots, while some of their
leaders ski in Switzerland. Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughter,
receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt
Palestinian Authority, while a typical local ringleader of the Al-Aksa brigade,
reporting to Arafat, receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred
dollars, for performing murders at the retail level. *4. The fourth element of
the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws.* The civilized
world believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human
rights, free speech and free press, among other liberties. There are naive
old-fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using
ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies
and not using children as human shields or human bombs. Never in history, not
even in the Nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as
we observe now. Every student of political science debates how you prevent an
anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing
democracy. Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations. Can
a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him? Can a government listen to
phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers? Does free speech protect you
when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater? Should there be death penalty, for
deliberate multiple murders? These are the old-fashioned dilemmas. But now we
have an entire new set. 

Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage? Do you
return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital? Do you storm a church taken
over by terrorists who took the priests hostages? Do you search every ambulance
after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets? Do you
strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide
bomb on her belly? Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing
deliberately behind a group of children? Do you raid terrorist headquarters,
hidden in a mental hospital? Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately
moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children? All of these
happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas. What do you do? Well, you do
not want to face the dilemma. But it cannot be avoided. 

Suppose, for the sake of discussion, that someone would openly stay in a
well-known address in Teheran, hosted by the Iranian Government and financed by
it, executing one atrocity after another in Spain or in France, killing hundreds
of innocent people, accepting responsibility for the crimes, promising in public
TV interviews to do more of the same, while the Government of Iran issues public
condemnations of his acts but continues to host him, invite him to official
functions and treat him as a great dignitary. I leave it to you as homework to
figure out what Spain or France would have done, in such a situation. The
problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of
law in a totally lawless environment. It is trying to play ice hockey by sending
a ballerina ice-skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a
chess player. In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating
its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does
not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being
protected by their Government or society. International law does not know how to
handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots
with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government.
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is
royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts
or just claims to be too weak to arrest him. The amazing thing is that all of
these crooks demand protection under international law, and define all those who
attack them as "war criminals," with some Western media repeating the
allegations. The good news is that all of this is temporary, because the
evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality. The
punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder, not
during and not after. After every world war, the rules of international law have
changed, and the same will happen after the present one. But during the twilight
zone, a lot of harm can be done. The picture I described here is not pretty.
What can we do about it? In the short run, only fight and win. In the long run,
only educate the next generation and open it to the world. The inner circles can
and must be destroyed by force. The outer circle cannot be eliminated by force.
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women,
more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to
Western media, internet and the international scene. Above all, we need a total
absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three
circles of evil. Allow me, for a moment, to depart from my alleged role as a
taxi driver and return to science. When you have a malignant tumor, you may
remove the tumor itself surgically. You may also starve it by preventing new
blood from reaching it from other parts of the body, thereby preventing new
"supplies" from expanding the tumor. If you want to be sure, it is best to do
both. 

But before you fight and win, by force or otherwise, you have to realize that
you are in a war, and this may take Europe a few more years. In order to win, it
is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes, so that no Government in
the world will serve as a safe haven for these people. I do not want to comment
here on whether the American-led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of
view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument, but I can
look at the post-war map of Western Asia. Now that Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya
are out, two and a half terrorist states remain: Iran, Syria and Lebanon, the
latter being a Syrian colony. Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list. As a
result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq, both Iran and Syria are now
totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them. Iran is encircled by
Afghanistan, by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former
Soviet Union. Syria is surrounded by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and Israel. This is a
significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist
countries. It is not surprising that Iran is so active in trying to incite a
Shiite uprising in Iraq. I do not know if the American plan was actually to
encircle both Iran and Syria, but that is the resulting situation. In my humble
opinion, the number one danger to the world today is Iran and its regime. It
definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions. It
has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture. It is ruthless. It
has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many
traces, using Iranian Embassies. It is clearly trying to develop nuclear
weapons. Its so-called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso
version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" game. Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism,
it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq, it is fully funding the
Hezbollah and, through it, the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad; it performed
acts of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in
Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror
consortium, which includes, as minor players, Syria, Lebanon and certain Shiite
elements in Iraq. Nevertheless, most European countries still trade with Iran,
try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals. In order to win the war
it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate.
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni
terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah, Sadr and other
Iranian-inspired enterprises. When it serves their business needs, all of them
collaborate beautifully. It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support
of the outer circle, which is the fertile breeding ground of terror. It is
important to monitor all donations from the Western World to Islamic
organizations, to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and
to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to
any of the three circles of terrorism. It is also important to act decisively
against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media
who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial interests or ignorance. Above
all, never surrender to terror. No one will ever know whether the recent
elections in Spain would have yielded a different result, if not for the train
bombings a few days earlier. But it really does not matter. What matters is that
the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving
Spain out of Iraq. The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly
to other European countries, including France, who is now expelling inciting
preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq. In
the long run, Spain itself will pay even more. Is the solution a democratic Arab
world? 

If by democracy we mean free elections but also free press, free speech, a
functioning judicial system, civil liberties, equality to women, free
international travel, exposure to international media and ideas, laws against
racial incitement and against defamation, and avoidance of lawless behavior
regarding hospitals, places of worship and children, then yes, democracy is the
solution. If democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most
fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are
the most inflammatory. We have seen it already in Algeria and, to a certain
extent, in Turkey. It will happen again, if the ground is not prepared very
carefully. On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in Jordan, may
be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in
the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would
not have worked in China. I have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail.
But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war, the more
costly and painful the victory will be. Europe, more than any other region, is
the key. Its understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of World War
II, may cost thousands of additional innocent lives, before the tide will turn."

Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as
the Vanguards of Conquest. Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking
to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks
on Egyptian leaders. By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic
Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on
further attacks against the Egyptian regime. A key question is how they acquired
the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab
in 1980. According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad,
among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into
society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
Al Qaeda, Anthrax and Ayman: Means, Motive, Modus Operandi and Opportunity
Homeland Security In early June 2003, a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA")
report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta's and Zacarias
Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in
dispersing biological agents such as anthrax. An early September 2003 Newsweek
article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin
Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had
suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM"). He had
been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. In November 2003, a
report by a UN Panel of experts concluded that Al Qaeda is determined to use
chemical and biological weapons and is restrained only by technical
difficulties. In a statement issued June 16, 2004, the 9/11 Commission Staff
concluded that "Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was
making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11.
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability
to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United
States is likely to face." On August 9, 2004, it was announced that in the
Spring of 2001, a man named El-Shukrijumah, also known as Jafar the Pilot, who
was part of a "second wave," had been casing New York City helicopters.
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on
the door between the passengers and pilot. In a bulletin, the FBI noted that the
surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon.
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings
were an international plot. This is old news. It's just no longer
bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI's (former) theory about a
lone, American scientist. Many people have argued that a US-based Al Qaeda
operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US, and that
the mailings served as a threat and warning. Princeton islamist scholar Bernard
Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing
innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad, extremists like Zawahiri agree
that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used. "The Prophet's
guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from
the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack
someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of
letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and
New York City, as well as symbolic targets. The letter bombs were sent in
connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those
responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993. Handwritten
notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3,
included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed
the recruitment of necessary expertise. What your morning paper did not tell
you, however, was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri's
right-hand, Ahmed Salama Mabruk, 5 years earlier. The computer disk was
confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over
to the Egyptian authorities. Mabruk, at the time, was the head of Jihad's
military operations. There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that
Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and
development. Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11
plot, Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White
House. Others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners
directed to targets on the West Coast. There is an e-mail by Moussaoui, however,
dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that
was to last up to 6 months. In March 2003, Mohammed reportedly said that
Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a "second
wave." Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $14,000 in July, accused September
11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda
mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks. KSM explained that
Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax
work being done by US-trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative, Malaysian Yazid
Sufaat. Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by
his superiors to be unreliable, has told the judge at his trial in a filing that
he wants "anthrax for Jew sympathizer only." Al Qaeda's regional operative,
Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat, has been
captured. Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree. KSM and Hambali sent
al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilot, to case NYC targets for a
second wave. It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the
Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area. Sufaat, according to both KSM
and Hambali, did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used.
That would require someone who had access to the strain. But if experience is
any guide, nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long
quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one
confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter. The islamist had been released
from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years. Emails from
Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student
of the USAMRIID anthrax program. He believed that the koran instructed that a
jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader. "What we know is that he's
always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their
enemies," former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said.
The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a
June 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in
educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow
easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage,
God willing.' '' Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic
Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest. Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest
were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through
violent attacks on Egyptian leaders. By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the
Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States
and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime. A key question is
how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary
Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980. According to senior counter terrorism officials,
both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were
people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of
the network requested it. A few days before Christmas 2003, after a renewed
audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homeland, the
threat level was raised to orange or "high." After the alert condition had long
since returned to yellow, Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape. He
urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner
of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise. Zawahiri said that the US should
expect another 9/11 on US soil. According to some reports, Zawahiri is thought
by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan. At
one time, some thought he had been spotted in Iran. Wherever he is, authorities
need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef
recruited. In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message
Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid
Sheik Bojinka"? The letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind
sheik was not released. (Khalid Mohammed's involvement dates back to Bojinka, as
does Hambali's). Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened
retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka
planning. In May 2004, Patrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant
Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department testified
before the 9/11 Commission. He explained that interrogations and other evidence
revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon,
most notably anthrax. The same week, the WTC head testified that while they had
not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare
for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received. Al
Qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at
least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic
Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF"). Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2, is head of
Al Qaeda's biochemical program. The CIA has known of Zawahiri's plans to use
anthrax for a half decade. The confidante and right-hand man of Dr. Ayman
Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to
use it against US targets. Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or
policy-making council member no less) was working for the Egyptian intelligence
services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession. Even
Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to
resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the
extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced. A recently released islamist
who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and
had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize
anthrax in Russia and the Middle East. The US Army recipe was not used, and
obtaining the unprocessed Ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the
weight given it by some press accounts. There was lax control over the
distribution of the Ames strain that was used, especially in light of the fact
that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997.
Significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now
retired), upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent
the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick. Senator Patrick Leahy at a
Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the
Ames strain from 20 sources. In Fall 2004, MSNBC, relying on an unnamed FBI
spokesperson, reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have
had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made
overseas. Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer did
not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological
weapons. At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts
William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek, under the optimal method, there is no
electrostatic charge. In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings, there was
an electrostatic charge. Although there was a dominance of single spores and a
trillion spore concentration, there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns.
(Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable.) Many point to the
trillion spore concentration as extraordinary. It is far simpler, however, to
achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in
industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab. The "trillion spore"
issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding
that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated. The reported finding at Dugway
undermines the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused
on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it
as being useful for offensive purposes. USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told
us, in sensational detail, of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting
a cropduster. Khalid Mohammed then told interrogators that Zacarias Moussaoui's
inquiries about crop dusting may have related to Yazid Sufaat's anthrax
manufacturing plans. Although the details of the documents on Mohammed's
computer may (or may not) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal,
they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings. Al
Qaeda had both the means and opportunity. 

US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two
hijackers in January 2000. Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of
Jemaah Islamiah ("JI"). JI has ties with the Moro Front. Sufaat used his company
called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda. (Green
symbolizes "Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy war). Zacarias Moussaoui, who had
a crop dusting manual when he was arrested, stayed at Sufaat's condominium in
2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia. Yazid Sufaat
provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing
representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $35,000. The
crop dusters were to be part of a "second wave." After 9/11, Yazid Sufaat
traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban Medical Brigade and
to continue his work with anthrax. As described in US News, a former reporter
from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat, without realizing it, while
traveling near Kabul in October 2001, perceiving him as Filipino. The fellow was
carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate
anthrax. Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia.
Newsweek reported that a "second wave" involving biological attacks had been
thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide
logistical support. Various doctors, both foreign and American, are associated
with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a
bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui, PhD, from Karachi.
Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his son, Ahmed, for
harboring the fugitives. As of March 28, 2003, he was in a hospital for a
cardiac problem and had been granted "pre-arrest bail." Yet all you read about
at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who receives a stipend
from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead poisoning. It was Khalid
Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who has a PhD from Brandeis
in neurology. The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after
being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003. If mistaken, how
did those reports first come about? Understandably, Amerithrax is a confidential
investigation. The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in
connection with an ongoing manhunt. The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to
KSM for 10 days after his arrest. As agent Van Harp, then head of the Amerithrax
investigation said, the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified
with the authorities releasing only certain limited information. While it's not
easy to separate fact from fiction, Attorney General Ashcroft and Director
Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought. They would know. 

Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a
minicab at the end of March. Aafia was on her way with her children to visit and
uncle and a friend in Islamabad. According to the Pakistan reports, Aafia
Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport
(after she was followed to a relative's house). (Karachi is in the south). The
reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda's "Chemical
Wire Group." The family's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money
to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the
train station. That was the last Ismat heard from her. Aafia never reached the
uncle's house. Perhaps something got lost in the translation, but the phrase
"Chemical Wire Group" has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers.
The family's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals (and
that would not appear to be her training). There still is a very hot pursuit of
the "Atta-level" Floridian, Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to
have known and been assisting. His nickname is "Jafar the Pilot." A senior DOJ
official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot. He is said by
one FBI agent to be "very, very, very" dangerous. He allegedly was at one or
more meetings in the Summer of 2001 in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat were
present. He may have been seen in Hamilton, Canada -- along with Egyptian
al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot training. The United States
truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically-based
preconceptions. In early June 2003, a CIA report concluded that the reason for
Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the
contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax. It has long
been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse
biological agents (since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam). The
hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in
Afghanistan. It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion
after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan. The
lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program at Kandahar.
The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague does not
warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq. Iraq,
however, remains a possible source of the Ames. Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken
Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had
the Ames strain. (His conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab
plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate "Curveball", which Alibek
divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design). Zawahiri did travel to
Baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of Saddam's son.
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat, Iraq's secret police, show
that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March
1998 from Sudan. According to at least some reports, Bin Laden rejected the
suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of
jihad. Two top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alpha, are helping the
coalition to learn more about Iraqi's anthrax program, according to Dr. David
Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMD. He has said
that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes
needed to weaponize anthrax. The media coverage has been seriously confused on
the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been
targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals." Zawahiri likely
targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters, in addition to
various media outlets, because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy
Law" to military and security forces. That money has prevented the militant
islamists from achieving their goals. Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel
that the FBI's involvement in countries like Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan,
Indonesia, and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those
countries. According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui
expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in
exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan.
Senator Leahy was Chairman of both the Judiciary Committee overseeing the FBI
and Appropriations Subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to these countries. In
late September 2001, it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket
waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in
connection with pursuing the militant islamists. This extradition and
imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders, along with US support for Israel and the
Mubarak government in Egypt, remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri. At
the height of the development of his biological weapons program, his brother was
extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the "Albanian returnees" case (now he
faces retrial). It's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar
appropriations, debt forgiveness, and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt
and Israel and now even Pakistan. Those appropriations pale in comparison to the
many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq. Al
Qaeda had a motive in mind. In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the
Banner of the Prophet, Zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling "lies"
about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant
islamists were somehow the creation of the United States in connection with
expelling the Russians from Afghanistan. Zawahiri argued instead that they have
been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp
David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel. The
anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date
Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying
attention. Most of the "talking heads" on television, however, knew only that
Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda
beyond what they read in the US newspapers. The FBI's profile includes a
US-based supporter of the militant islamists. Attorney General Ashcroft
explained that an "either-or" approach is not useful. The media has tended to
overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word "domestic" the word includes a
US-based, highly-educated supporter of the militant islamists. There is an
emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI, the publisher
of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a
Star of David and proposing marriage. A report by the Center for Disease Control
of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author
Leonard Cole) supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such
mailings containing anthrax. (The letters were to different AMI publications --
one to the National Enquirer and another to The Sun). (News assistant Bobby
Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The
Sun.) This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant
islamists inspired by Zawahiri, it is their signature. The islamists sent letter
bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington,
D.C.. They were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade
Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel Rahman. The former
leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he was also a
spiritual leader of Al Qaeda. The letter bombs were sent in connection with the
treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC
and a related plot. The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal
casualty -- was to send a message. (There initially was an outstanding $2
million reward -- under the rewards for justice program, the reward now is up to
$5 million.). There was no claim of responsibility. There was no explanation.
Once one had been received, the next ten, mailed on two separate dates, were
easily collected. Sound familiar? Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth, where
a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned, addressed to "Parole Officer." (The
position does not exist). Abdel Rahman's son was captured in Quetta, Pakistan in
mid-February 2003. That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid
Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3. Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the
Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan. Along with Zawahiri, Abdel
Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden. He
reportedly treated them like sons. Although while in jail in the early 1980s,
Zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik's ability to
lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group,
Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman's friends. The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef
was KSM's nephew. Thus, the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production
program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the
earlier bombing of the World Trade Center. According to the controversial "Feith
memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda
connection, Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical
assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were
sent. Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective
does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive. As Brian Jenkins
once said, "terrorism is theater." A sender purporting to be islamist sent
cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of
nerve gas in Belgium in 2003. There's even a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter"
in the Al Qaeda manual. The "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings
was a blue-green. It was widely published among the militant islamists that
martyrs go to paradise "in the hearts of green birds." In the very interview in
which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for
the planes, the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code, the code for
representing the date 9/11, and used the symbolism of the "Green Birds." Osama
Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video "The 19 Martyrs." A FAQ on
the Azzam Publications website explained that "In the Hearts of Green Birds"
refers to what is inside. The mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return
address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing. A May 2001 letter
that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that
Zawahiri used "school" as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his
correspondence. Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed's color. By
Greendale School, the anthrax perp was being cute, just as Yazid Sufaat was
being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine. "Dale" means "river
valley." Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian
Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group. The sender probably is announcing that he is
of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad, Egyptian Islamic Group or Jihad-al Qaeda,
which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the Egyptian
Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda. At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained,
recruits would wear green uniforms, except for Friday when they were washed. In
a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in
the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise. As to
opportunity, though seldom reported, there is a wealth of "open source"
information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian
Islamic Group in the United States and Canada. The public information mostly
relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large
and are being sought. Zawahiri's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do
spadework for terrorism, not fundraising for charitable causes. He traveled
under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali
Mohammed. What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet? Whatever
your political persuasion, the FBI and CIA deserve our support. We are, after
all, in this together. First, the nature of such an investigation is that we
lack sufficient information to second-guess (or even know) what the FBI is
doing. Media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of
good sources. Second, hindsight is 20/20. Third, with the "new age" Efrem
Zimbalist, Jr. in charge of the investigation, it is not likely we could do
better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national
security. Finally, the "Hatfill theory" seems to have been exhausted or at least
lost public favor. The "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always
highly dubious. The suspicion was founded on many false premises, and there was
no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt. The FBI's fixation on
Hatfill (at least as rumored by some reporters) may have stemmed from a warning
by one Senator that careers hung in the balance. Leahy's chief of staff
apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was
involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted. The Hatfill theory --
to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7/24 surveillance by 8 surveillance
specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of
uncertain merit. A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas
Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004. The judge had agreed to delay the
civil rights matter from proceeding until at least October 2004. The judge,
frustrated by the apparent lack of progress, encouraged that the parties reach a
negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed (and
the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint).
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory,
with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances.
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion, it is only fair that
the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been
dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case. A search of Dr. Ken
Berry's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense
insider theory. Senior officials have been quoted in the press as saying that
the searches were for the purpose of excluding him as much as including him. 

Maureen, 

Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets
(August Board meeting) one more time before I forward it to you. He will make
sure that we do not request FX and inflation (CPI,PPI, etc.) curves when only
one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to
determine which inflation index is needed. Typically, we receive both FX and
inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used. I hope that we can
give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests. 

For now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX
and/or inflation curves. I will send the specifics per Andre later today. 

India Philippines Bolivia Jamaica Guatemala Venezuela Columbia Puerto Rico CPI
only (I need historical inflation data, as well) Panama Brazil we have current
data already China we have current data already Euro inflation only I am not
certain about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group but will request
the information from them if you have not done so already. 

Thanks! 

Cindy 

David and Cindy, 

Please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our
international assets for the August Board meeting. Thanks, 

Maureen 

Philip, 

I have to decline the invitation with regrets. I have too many commitments right
now. 

Vince Kaminski 

Dear Vince 

Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting
you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking
place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001. Have you had an opportunity to consider
the invitation yet? We are aiming to have the programme printed next week, so I
would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak
at this year's congress. I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week
only (Tel: +852 2545 2710), and I can be contacted by phone there or by email.
Kind regards. 

Philip 

Philip Annesley Conference Producer Risk Waters Group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20
7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus Beth has made our reservations
for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30. See
you all there - this is ling overdue 

Paula Paula, 

Thanks a lot. Will you drive on that day? 

Vince 

Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at
Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30. See you all there - this is ling overdue 

Paula FYI 

Vince 

Anne, Mike will call you regarding Sarah. 

Vince, 

As I mentioned in my voice mail, Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody, a recent
MBA grad from Rice, into his group. However, when we were talking about this
position, Mike compared Sara to Elena. Elena's title is admin coordinator, and I
know that Sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that Elena
should also. Admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work. I suggest
that you compare Elena and Sarah's duties/ level to other Sr. Spec. in your
group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or
if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad. If the latter
is the case, we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the
salary range is 33-66K). Please advise. 

Thanks, Anne 

Clayton, 

Thanks a lot. I appreciate all your help. 

Vince 

Vince- 

Good news. Martin's box is working wonderfully- I'll have everything transferred
to it and give him the keys by Friday. 

This was (another) nice deal for Enron. We save $21,000 in real money this way,
the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that
wasn't being used by anyone. I'm happy about this. 

Clayton 

Iris, 

Congratulations. 

Anne, please, include this info in Iris' file Vince 

Michael: Thanks for putting the paperwork together. 

I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment
opportunities that I don't have access to now. Most of my contact with financial
advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me
to invest in Home Depot, Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass off their banks'
biased research reports as something valuable. The above services provide no
value to me personally. If you can present opportunities such as access to
private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong growth potential and
low correlation to the S@P, I'd listen. John 

John - 

We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options. At some
point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail --
perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close? Michael Gapinski
Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc. 713-654-0365
800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295 Michael: Appreciate the
idea. However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to really trade around the
position. I believe ENE will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not,
I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium. I have price targets of where I
would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the
stategy. To that regards, I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls. I
would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised
vested options. Please look into that for me. John. 

John - 

I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an
opportunity to buy back the calls you sold. Of course, you would then be in a
position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce. I'm not sure that ENE
@ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73. Call me if you're interested. Michael
Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295 Notice
Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or
instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or
instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or
instructions. Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves
the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees. Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and
Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions transmitted by
e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be
responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions. Notice Regarding
Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its
employees. Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not
transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by
e-mail. Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by
PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions. Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber
reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail
communications sent and/or received by its employees. Who cares?????? 

Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to
Sean.Cooper@ElPaso.com He just rescheduled to Wednesday. How about dinner on
Wednesday after that ? 

Your buddy Beau invited me. How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday. 

not really... 

already have plans on thursday . 

are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday? 

oh god is there an agenda. Would dinner Thursday work instead. not really... 

already have plans on thursday . 

are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday? 

oh god is there an agenda. 

Wednesday doesn't work for me. How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time. 

i completely agree. I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours
with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update
and anything and everything. My only concern is that we take the boys away from
their overwhelming task. What do you guys think. John 

OK. I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday. 

Monday's starting next week at 4??????????????? 

Wednesday doesn't work for me. How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time. 

i completely agree. I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours
with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update
and anything and everything. My only concern is that we take the boys away from
their overwhelming task. What do you guys think. John 

Not yet. 

Did you happen to sign your employment agreement? 

Please respond to request below. Thanks. John Lavorato has requested the
attached report. He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in
particular, Real Time Traders. If you would, please review the entire list and
let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening,
if possible. I'm at xif you have any questions. Thanks! 

I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean
(which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement
at 75-80k. This is pretty easy math for me. 

I know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong
right now. I would like to get this done ASAP. Thanks. 

I am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean
Laurent. Juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request
would like to ask you to consider the following: Current Salary: $47,500 Job
Group: Specialist YE PRC Rating: Satisfactory Original Proposition: 

Base Salary 65k 1 Year Agreement $5,000 signing 

Revised Proposal: 

Base Salary: 55k 1 Year agreement $5,000 signing Business Case: If we offered
Dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a $10,000 increase
(approximately 25%) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory
at the specialist level. Also, the top of the salary range for a specialist is
66k. It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he
not be promoted. Secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in
the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg.
Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai. Salary Listing in Job
Group: 

Maria Valdes superior $62,500 Paul Thomas excellent $55,008 Jason Choate
excellent $60,008 Todd DeCook strong $42,008 Peter Makkai strong $47,500 Let me
know your thoughts....then I will run it by Oxley. 

Are we going to attend? 

Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb. 5-8, 2002,
Miami, Florida OVERVIEW 

This conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U.S.
electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to
meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging
under FERC 's RTO initiatives. The conference will review the parameters of
these challenges and possible solutions to them. It will examine technology
options and new business models for transmission expansion. It will analyze
emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including
market-based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods. The
conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and
regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the
nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system. The brochure for the
Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link
below:<http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf> <<
http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >> Electricity Market Design Conference
March 25-26, 2002, Atlanta, Georgia 

I need to check something in 969's 2000 tax return. Who has the 2000 tax return
file for 969? 

Essie 

Sonya City 07/30/2001 05:17 PM <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 

I think that this is for you since I don't know any of these people. 

WHO: Enron WHAT: Happy Hour for John Suarez WHEN: Today at 5pm WHERE: The Front
Porch 217 Gray St. (713) 571-9571 WHY: Today is John's last day at EBS. This is
NOT an Enron-sponsored event. How do you feel about taking on another company? 

Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below). Do you
concur? Please let me know Monday morning. 

Regards, Vicsandra 

If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be
helpful. 

Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774 Please see my comments in red below. 

Essie 

Essie, 

Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization? If
possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5? 

Thanks, 

Patty 

I have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group.

18T - EI Indonesia Operations LLC This entity is not in TIS, SAP, nor Hyperion.
The 2000 tax return has no income, assets, or liabilities. There is a corporate
data sheet for this company, but this entity seems to have been inactive since
it's creation. 

86M - Enron Net Works LLC Despite the name, this entity appears to be a MTM
company. Per September financials, this company has about $3M of MTM and about
$8K of expenses, nothing else. 

The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS, and did not get
assigned during the reorg. 

80Y - Enron Broadband Acquisition, Inc. This entity was created in 2000 for the
acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N),
and then dissolved upon completion of merger. Company is around with a small
amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S items. 83N is my responsibility. I
think this entity should stay with 83N. So I suggest it be assigned to Leon. It
should be 4 - easy. 

1579 - EBS Network Co. Division of 17H. This one should possibly be assigned to
Networks & Services group. Not currently on our list of companies. I think this
could go to either Holding/Administrative Companies (Same as 17H) or Network &
Services (Leon). 4 - easy. 

1691 - EPI-EBS Europe Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
Broke out the activities of 1179. A similar entity (1179) was assigned to
Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) so this one should be
assigned to them as well. 4 - easy. 

1307 - EBIC-Apache, LLC Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFC. Cherokee
Finance VOF is assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker). Maybe
this one should also go to them as the only tax which may have to be provided
would be foreign tax. 4 - easy. 

1689 - EPI-EBS Ventures, LLC Set up last month to centralize merchant asset
activities. Broke out the activities of 1307. Same as 1307. It should be
assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker). 4 - easy. 

Let me know if you have any questions. 

Leon Branom Senior Tax Analyst Networks and Services (713) 345-8702 office
leon.branom@enron.com No problem about moving Company 1691 over 

I see that it is a 4, so that will be no problem. How do you feel about taking
on another company? 

Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below). Do you
concur? Please let me know Monday morning. 

Regards, Vicsandra 

If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be
helpful. 

Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774 Please see my comments in red below. 

Essie 

Essie, 

Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization? If
possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5? 

Thanks, 

Patty 

Virginia, 

Hello. I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac
impressionist lithograph. I found them and purchased both from a gallery in
London, William Weston. They should be delivered this week. They are beautiful
and will add a lot to our collection. By the way the Lichtenstein is up and
hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent. I have also purchased
an Appel in the last month. I am interested in several artists. Actually, a lot.
I will be looking for one or more of the following. My concept is that overtime
I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending
when I find something that we really like. I listed all of our (sometimes mine
vs. my wife's favorites and priorities). They are kind of in rank order but as I
stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it. I want signed and
numbered. I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an
important fact in my buying decision. I also realize that some may not have done
any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive. For example, I would like
to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper. At least that is what I am
thinking now. 

Bonnard (colorful only) Lautrec Suerat (any works on paper? - I don't know that
he did any) Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos Braque Moore Arp
Rouault Modrian Rothko Kline Motherwell 

By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that
your gallery had a couple of years ago. It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and
I believe you called the technique a "push wa" (pronunciation Vs an attempt at
the proper spelling). It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was
about $20,000. Is there 1 available? Also I am still thinking about the Matisse
we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am
interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.
Thanks, mike Huskers drool over Sooners. 

Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/19/2001 09:14 AM Huskers rule, Sooners drool. 

Mike McConnell@ECT 01/19/01 07:55 AM Thanks for the note. Sooners rule. We'll
find time when things settle down. m Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/19/2001
07:24 AM Mike I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today. I may have to
postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning. I am out all weekend and
we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday
night so I may be working over lunch. Actually, I think we are in pretty good
shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to
cancel. Ken PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when I found out
that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport
(I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a very, very sick college
football fan. Jeff, here is the intial draft. Please leave as a word document
and make any changes and additions that you think necessary. I haven't even
changed the wording after I first put it down. Mike Mark, I thought you would
enjoy the comment about you. m Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/19/2001 07:24 AM
Mike I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today. I may have to postpone
again, I'll let you know later this morning. I am out all weekend and we have to
have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may
be working over lunch. Actually, I think we are in pretty good shape so I will
probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel. Ken PS
Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when I found out that two of them
were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember
the name of it)) I realized he is a very, very sick college football fan. 

I will put this on our calendars. Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing, but
maybe next year. San Antonio, wow what a let down from the other cities. That
will be a nice time of year though. I can recommend some good restaurants since
I took Ric there last year for his birthday. We stayed at the Menger and had a
great time. Kay Mann@ENRON 09/20/2000 04:18 PM This Friday - Michael goes for a
visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good). I'll be in
around1000 

Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, which
means leaving by 445 or so. October 4, ENA orientation in the am. 

October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school
(leave at 430) October 26/27, hope to be vacation time. Neil has a meeting in
San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this
year). It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited. This
means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing. Figures, of course. Thanks for
asking. I'm watching for some good vacation days, also... 

fyi/review/comment 

I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI: 

We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment. Do we intend to reference a
particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic? Do we want to attach a
draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to
terms substantially the same as what's in the draft? I have a concern that the
Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one. Do we expect
to have ONE EPC contract, or several? I'm looking for the confidentiality
agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet). If anyone
has it handy, it could speed things up for me. Thanks, 

Kay 

Forget the ONE or more contract questions. I see we expect to have separate
contracts for each project. I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the
LOI: 

We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment. Do we intend to reference a
particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic? Do we want to attach a
draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to
terms substantially the same as what's in the draft? I have a concern that the
Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one. Do we expect
to have ONE EPC contract, or several? I'm looking for the confidentiality
agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet). If anyone
has it handy, it could speed things up for me. Thanks, 

Kay 

On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the
EPC contract is signed. Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each
project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed? Thanks, 

Kay 

1. The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would
not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer (i.e., ONSI would be a lot
more money). Hence, I think that we have to reference the manufacturer. 

2. The attachment of the Development Agreement is a Jeff question. In order to
mark any 2000 income, we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development
Agreement in 2000. In my opinion, we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the
assumption that the Development Agreement is attached. I would actually send
them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI. Based on how
CRRA reacts, I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be
attached to the LOI. 3. I expect at least one EPC contract per project. We don't
want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another
project. Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit
by unit basis in a given project. Remarkably clear explanation. 

Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT FYI, see below. 

Mom's birthday is tommorow. What are we going to get her? 

Chris 

That is some good stuff. I hear you are coming our way soon. Look forward to
drinking a few beers. Chris 

Michael McDermott <Michael.McDermott@spectrongroup.com> on 06/01/2000 06:00:56
AM Yo Mama`s so fat .... 

Your mama is so fat: When she hauls ass she has to make two trips. When she
dances she makes the band skip. When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating
disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live. She puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
(<- clearly the winner) Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard. When she goes to
the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts. Her high school graduation picture was
an aerial photograph. Her driver`s license says "Picture continued on other
side." She has to iron her pants on the driveway. The back of her neck looks
like a pack of hot dogs. Yo mama`s so fat, all the restaurants in town have
signs that say: "Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama" Yo mama`s so fat,
when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton. Yo mama`s
so fat, instead of Levis 501 jeans, she wears Levi`s 1002`s. Yo mama`s so fat,
when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down. Yo mama`s so fat, she was born
with a silver shovel in her mouth. Yo mama`s so fat, she`s got smaller fat women
orbiting around her. Yo mama`s so fat, she could sell shade. 

You will have to wait and see :-) 

Done! 

Expect a call from Paul tonight. Chris 

What are some good interview questions? Poll your co-workers. 

cd 

I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you didn't want to
waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis. I told him I told you to
call him back and at least hear what he has to say. He said they are looking for
people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality. Chris 

Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive? All the guys at work are
saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one. Chris 

Jai Hawker 974-6721 I won't forget about the $. Do I need to cross reference the
deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that? Chris 

Kathy, 

Don't take that deal out until I look at it. I think it is mine but I forgot to
write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it in my red book). Thanx, 

Chris 

Just a reminder to send me a currency report. 

Thanx, 

Chris 

Paul called me today. He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will
interview you then. Chris 

You should reply ASAP. Don't make Peters and Co. wait. 

Chris 

I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today. Give him a call tommorow. 

Chris 

Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book. 

Paul How about meeting at 11:30 or 12? I am in the office so give me a call. 

CD 3-1663 

The deed is done. 

Chris 

Find attached resume and cover letter. Hopefully he didn't spel anyting
incorrectly. Dan is really smart and a hard worker. I think he would be a good
fit. 

Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the
weekend). Cheers, 

Chris 

I haven't had a chance to send it yet. Paul is out of the office today so I
haven't had a chance to talk to him. I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I
should or not. 

Chris 

Are you guys still looking for an analyst? Should I send the resume to Dawn or
you directly? 

Chris Enron Canada Corp. Suite 1100, 70 York Street Toronto, Ontario M5J 1S9
416-865-3700 Paul DeVries - Director 416-865-3703 Jan Wilson - Manager
416-865-3704 Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP
and PGT). 

We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as
we can. Chris 

See you there! 

CD 

Sushi tonight? 

Ryan Watt says high. 

Chris 

I will be able to attend. 

Chris 

Mike Jordan 26/09/2000 14:14 Fernley / Sally Off and on ( with Jackie Gentle's
help ) I have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental
operating standards ( itself a one page summary ). We are in the final stages of
this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this
for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter ) Have you any
thoughts on draft or cover note ? 

Mike 

Late Jan sounds great. Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in
January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I
are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for
Cotillion. I believe that these are three weekends in a row, January 6, 13 and
20th. So the last weekend in January would work well (and I will need a rest
from formal affairs!). Does that work for you? And do you want to do it on a
Saturday or Sunday? Saturday probably works better for me, just so that I am
back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon!! Hi... 

Talked to the little mother-to-be. She said a shower would be grand. She has
some big presentation mid-January. How does late January sound to you. Should we
set a date now? Am I turning into Mother? 

Cindy 

I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental
operating standards, but I wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a
global message and the means of delivery. On the means of delivery, I am not
sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent. Is there an
article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be
sent under John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)? Or is the
letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article?
With regard to a global message, I think that one of the key points around
fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in
nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading
activities. With these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know
as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to
ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards
worldwide. These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its
business reach more quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to
trading operations. I am not sure from the article as written that the global
nature of this effort comes across. Finally, a question regarding timing. The
last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental
operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do
after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers. I
don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business
controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these
standards. And not to belittle the process of creating the standards, the tough
part (and the real meat behind this) will be an effective exception report on a
global basis against these standards. My commitment to Rick Causey is that I
will have that global report in production by the end of the year. There is much
work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more
work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report. Shona
has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has
already been working with James New. So I question whether or not you want to
publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting
in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these
standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?
Sorry that this response looks so long. I have been interrupted 20 times while
responding, so I hope that it makes sense. Thanks for sharing this with me.
Since you asked for input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some.
--Sally 

David W Delainey@ECT 11/10/2000 01:04 PM Steve, I noticed that our allocation
from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M. We
have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year, we are
trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well. Do you
have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal? Regards Delainey Don't
worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker. I just wanted Sue to
hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much). Thanks for the comment on the
hearing. In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much
better; everyone thanked FERC for intervening (though for different reasons).
The other staff reports are also looking good. Scott Miller has been a godsend
-- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is. Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff
Dasovich 11/10/2000 12:33 PM I apologize if I offended anyone. Please let them
know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in
California. Thanks for attributing the quote to me. You did a great job at the
hearing----it went decidely downhill after you left. Best, Jeff Does she have
any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they
will modulate their approach. Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 11/10/2000
12:21 PM Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the
hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we
intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a
solution that works for everybody. Amen. 

See below. Can we get some help on the IBM issues? Erin Rice 11/10/2000 11:08 AM
Steve: 

At this point, our IT contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can
overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server problems. There are still four important
issues, however: IT still cannot commit to transferring messages across domains.
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron
organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain. No
messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their
proprietary message delivery tool, WebSphere, and will use WebLogic instead.
WebLogic is required by BackWeb, although it is designed by a separate company.
HR, intended to be a key user of this tool, will not use BackWeb because survey
responses cannot be made anonymous. HR has already purchased a tool called
CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys. Messages will not be delivered
simultaneously to all users in the same domain, nor will they be delivered for
two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator. Another
thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear
within a set period of time, meaning users cannot retrieve them and read them
later (as they can with e-mail). This means that I could be away from the office
for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and
disappeared by the time I returned. The plain fact is that a few members of IT
are pushing this initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship. They are
hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test
this tool before implementing it company-wide. Please let us know if you have
additional questions. 

- er 

Steven J Kean 11/09/2000 11:35 AM Do we have a sense for how many we can reach,
how many we can't and where they are? Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable
or is it only those who have home offices? Courtney Votaw 11/08/2000 11:02 AM
Mark and Steve- Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the
issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed. As you can see from the Design
Document, they are pretty significant. Thanks, Courtney calendar Paul
Kaufman@ECT Sent by: Lysa Akin@ECT 11/10/2000 05:59 PM Paul Kaufman has asked me
to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday, Nov.
9th. Please be advised that I have set the call as follows: 

Date: Monday, Nov. 13th Time: 11:30am / 1:30pm Central / 2:30pm Eastern Call In
#: 888-422-7132 Pin #: 411507 Pin # for Paul Kaufman ONLY: 362416 

If you have any questions, please call 503/464-7927. 

Lysa Akin Ass't. to Paul Kaufman 

it's on tonight 

it's did you watch your girl on tv last night? 

the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this? 

Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May
30th @2.975? They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it. Can
you give me the Sitara deal #? 

Thanks Darla 

Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph. I was issued a new corporate American
Express card. Same number with expiration date of 3/03. If you need any more
info, please advise. Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.
Thank you. 

Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this? 

Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May
30th @2.975? They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it. Can
you give me the Sitara deal #? 

Thanks Darla 

should be non bondad 

Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing
discrepancy. Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based
on SJ Non-Bondad GDP. Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the
change in Sitara if necessary? 

Thanks 

Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax:
(713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com Sorry about the flooding. Hope you
and your family survived ok. Attached are the gas settlement and support for
May. The only difference we had was for package V02. Mark Anderson says that
even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad. 

Have a great day. Nancy 

- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >> - enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is
bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda Jane, on deal
763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy. Our
system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad
GDP. Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara
if necessary? 

Thanks 

Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax:
(713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com Sorry about the flooding. Hope you
and your family survived ok. Attached are the gas settlement and support for
May. The only difference we had was for package V02. Mark Anderson says that
even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad. 

Have a great day. Nancy 

- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >> - enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >> I
talked with Markat SW Gas-just honro his numbers 

Nancy, can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad? My
trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP. 

Thanks 

Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax:
(713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com actually -for volumes flowing out
of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number
759933-price is nonbondad gda Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest
Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy. Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is
going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP. Can you please confirm which price
is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary? 

Thanks 

Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax:
(713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com Sorry about the flooding. Hope you
and your family survived ok. Attached are the gas settlement and support for
May. The only difference we had was for package V02. Mark Anderson says that
even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad. 

Have a great day. Nancy 

- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >> - enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >> Please
find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective
11/1/01: 

See attached spreadsheet. Please quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis. If you have
any questions or comments, please advise. 

I have not had the patience to get it working-I will callyou some evening and we
can walk thru it. How was your trip to Des Moines? Did dthat stuff form Joe help
your car. 

Hey Cester, 

When are we going to get NetMeeting going ? 

How is Deb's knee? Did she ever go to a real doctor? [Tholt, Jane M.] YesShe is
having physical theraphy 3 times a week. She said it is getting better. I
haven't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her. I will
probably be calling you next week-the desk wants me to become more involved in
regulatory updates so I will seek your assistance with this matter. 

Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are
about to get much busier too. cool by me! 

Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow
morning. If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting
tomorrow. 

Yes maam, she's UBS now. She was just down here too. 

Chris, I didn't remember if your email mentioned Judy. Did she make it? 

Cindy Franklin Transportation Services Work:832.676.3177 Fax: 832.676.1329
Pager: 1.888.509.3736
****************************************************************** This email
and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential
and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender.
****************************************************************** Jared, Ruth
and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning. If no one
objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow. 

OK, I never get to talk to Ruth because SHE IS ALWAYS ON THE PHONE. And I bet
she's on the phone with Shemin too!!! 

Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did
before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself? Our last call was Iris Kind,
Bill Savier(sp?), and Jeff Davis. 

Don't forget about me. I'm still trying to find out what it will take to move
gas on and ENA tabs agreement. No transportation at this point, just a tabs.
Also, it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals
will be monthly. 

Steve, everything looks good with one exception. The rate schedule on Tennessee
should be either NET-2 or NET-284. I won't find out until Monday. You review and
approve it, keep it on your desk, and I will come over and make the change at
your desk on Monday. Then I'll take it to Ed for his approval. 

By the way, Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie
Gray. 

Chris: Per our conversation a few minutes ago, attached please find the revised
Stipulation. This document has been modified with the changes that were in the
mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago. I also deleted "subject
to recall" based on our discussion, assuming you get approval for that revision.
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney. Also, as I
mentioned to you, we have faxed your mark-up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in
Houston to keep her informed. (Her voice mail says she's out of the office until
Monday.) Thanks for all your help on this. David T. Metcalfe Cullen and Dykman
LLP 177 Montague Street Brooklyn, New York 11201 phone: 718-780-0046 fax:
718-780-0276 e-mail: dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
____________________________________________________ This email may contain
material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the
sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, reliance or distribution by
others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited. If you
are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete all copies.
<<Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc>>
<<BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc>> - Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE
re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc - BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap
Releases -2-F.doc A heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving
equality throughout the world. Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in
Kuwait several years before the Gulf War. She noted then that women customarily
walked about 10 feet behind their husbands. She returned to Kuwait recently and
observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives. Ms. Walters
approached one of the women and said, "This is marvelous. Can you tell the free
world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?" 

"Land mines," said the Kuwaiti woman. 

Cullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas Company) approved all of our changes
on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas. They
also made one other change, they are taking out the "subject to recall" language
at the bottom of page 2 under item #1. 

They will be sending the revised document to me. I will deliver it to you for
your approval. 

Maybe we can go drinking too. That would be fun. I'll be at your house around
10:30 or 11 tonight. 

YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO. I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE
LITTLE WOMAN. I CAN HANDLE THE TRACTOR. love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY,
BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY. YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATE, DAD. 

Chris.Germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 PM Funny. No. I didn't feel
guilty about the garage sale, that's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00
at night GRRRRRRR. I do feel guilty about you doing all this work. So I'm going
with you, I pay for the gas and the twinkies. 

Correction, 

Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM. 

Vince Kaminski 

The eThink Team We recently asked you to create an eSpeak "wish list" for us.
The response was tremendous and, in some cases, very creative. Your fellow
employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush. In all, we
received requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event. We
thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting, so we've
provided a sampling of the suggestions below. Here are the top ten most
requested eSpeakers. 10. Jack Welch, CEO, General Motors 9. Scott McNeally, CEO,
Sun Microsystems 8. Satisfied Enron Customers 7. Stephen Covey, author, The
Seven Habits of Highly Effective People 6. Oprah Winfrey, talkshow host 5.
General Colin Powell, former Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, U.S.A. 4. Alan
Greenspan, Chairman, Federal Reserve, U.S.A. 3. Former U.S. President George
Bush 2. Bill Gates, CEO, Microsoft 1. Texas Governor George W. Bush While we
can't make any promises, we will do our best to bring in at least some of these
special guests. If you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with
these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@enron.com. Everybody needs a
little help now and then, even eSpeak. 

There were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well. Those requests should
be somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our colleagues
can be quite a task! Thank you all for your participation. 

Dale, 

Confirmed. 

Vince 

Vince: 

7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect. I will see you in the lobby at
7am. Best regards, Dale Dale, 

Friday is a bad day (Performance Review Committee all day). What about 7:00 at
the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00? We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown
(Smith Street). Vince 

Vince: 

Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office? That would
be particularly convenient for me. I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to
catch a plane. That will ensure that I wont take up too much of your time!!
Thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient with me. Dale Nesbitt

FYI 

Vince sold! I'll initiate the call. 

Ed, 

Thursday works for me. What about 10:30 my time? Vince 

Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> 

how about Thursday, July 6? 

Ed, 

A correction. I shall spend an entire day at PRC (performance review) on Friday,
July 7. Can we do on another day 

Vince 

Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> 

I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it over the phone. OK? 

Ed, 

Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone? 

Vince 

Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> 

Vince, 

How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT? 

Ed 

Ed, 

July 12, 2:30 it is. I would like the pre-meeting site cruise. How can we
arrange it? 

Vince 

Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> 

Vince, 

We're all set for 2:30 on July 12. How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on
Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT? Ed 

Ed, 

Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me. 

I shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com. I shall invite
some people who work on electricity in my group to join me. Vince 

Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> 

Vince, 

Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're available. How is Wednesday at 2:30? I
did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality. I was unable to say
much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because of
deadline pressures. How is the site doing? I am intrigued by the competition for
trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman, Morgan, BP and Shell
were going to launch a site to compete with yours. Talk about a shotgun
marriage! If we have time next week, I could step you through our website --
www.weathereffects.com. I'm very proud of what we've done. I can't give out a
password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone
using my password. It's a very ambitious site -- with state-of-the-art WSI
weather (seasonal, 6-10, and day to day) driving a good load model for PJM and
NEPOOL. ESAI contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments,
and "herding" ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods.
After one month's full-bore effort, I'm pleased with the results (e.g., we
forecast Nepool onpeak to be $43 and it turned out $46). Have a great weekend. 

Ed 

Ed, 

I shall be available on both days. What about Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30
and 4:00. Please, let me know what time would work for you. It will be nice to
see you again. 

Vince 

P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL? 

Please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com 

Caroline Abramo@ENRON 03/02/2001 10:46 AM what do you think?
Joe_Lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM Currently Cargill and Enron have
a 15MM collateral threshold. If possible, I think the cleanest way to run this
biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz. We would still operate
under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex
for this biz. We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B
of the POA agreement. The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure
from the daily collateral. The 20 mill reflects gross exposure. Let me know if
you think this is reasonable and workable. We too, are open to suggestion as the
Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
Thanks Joe Joe- a few things regading the POA/ Cargill line.. 

I am going to find out how much line we currently have available... you probably
already have this. We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the
problem of other Cargill people using the line, putting us over the limit,
without me knowing... We could change the language of the POA to this... we will
not go over Global's piece of the Cargill line...I think this would solve our
main concern... Please let me know... we are eager to keep trading with Global
and yourselves... Regards, Caroline 

Dee: Let me know if we need to discuss anything. I am hopeful that we are ready
to prepare execution copies. Regards. 

Sara Shackleton Susan Bailey 02/27/2001 08:23 AM Dee, 

Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b)
Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement. These have been compared against the
draft dated 11/8/2000, and include ENA's accepted changes per your (a) faxed
comments transmitted to ENA on January 5, 2001, and (b) e-mail comments
transmitted to ENA on January 19th, 2001. We look forward to your response. 

Cordially, Susan S. Bailey 

I don't know anything about these transactions. 

Sara Shackleton Jorge A Garcia@ENRON 03/01/2001 01:35 PM Good Afternoon Sara, 

I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA
Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had
discussed with you previously. 1) Edison International- Swap with Enron Europe
Ltd. (2 in total) 2) PG&E- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (3 in total) Please
advise. 

Regards, 

Jorge 

"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a
Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows: Floating
Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) -
USD[38,000?] Sara Shackleton 

"Other Provisions: On each Payment Date, [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount
equal to] USD{38,000?], which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions
of the [Master Agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]" Sara Shackleton
Sara Shackleton 03/02/2001 02:10 PM "Calculation of Floating Amount: The
Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that
Payment Date as follows: Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation
Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?] Sara Shackleton What person(s) in London
prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions? At some
point in the not so distant future, the Houson and London credit departments
need to speak in order that each understands the "philosophy" behind credit
analysis for the omnibus and master transactions. I look forward to hearing from
you. Regards. Sara ps Congrats on your promotion! I didn't have a chance to
speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand. Hope you enjoyed your
weekend in Houston. looks fine 

Sara Shackleton Carlos Alatorre@ENRON 02/27/2001 06:07 PM Sara: We need to
change the Prod Description fro the LME Product. The change is mainly on the
Settlement Date text, which instead of "...Two business days after the date of
the Transaction..." shall read as follow: For Curr LME LME (Spot) 01Mar01
JPY/USD A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited
("EEFTL") as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A)
for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL,
Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign
Currency Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to
sell to EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive
the Foreign Currency Amount. The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume
submitted by the Counterparty via the Website. The Foreign Currency Amount shall
equal the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange
(LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the
transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the
Website. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth
in the Product description on the Website. The Settlement date shall be the
date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website. The price is quoted
in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency'). The unit of
measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars. 

Please let me know your approval before we make any changes. Thanks Carlos 

I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance
coverage through Enron. Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR? 

Thanks, 

Kay 

Your mom just called and said your dad's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m. Tuesday,
March 20th. They will be there by noon on the 20th, and the surgery will last
1.5 hours and then they'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into
ICU. They are hoping he'll only be in the hospital 48 hours. 

Scott 

Term sheet for draft contract, as requested. 

I have a change in plans next week. My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I
will be heading that way on Monday. I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but
I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had
otherwise. I will manage client expectations accordingly. 

Kay 

I hope you don't change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday. I plan on
taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts. They
showed some kids on TV, and they were quite taken with it. ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY
NOTICE+++++ The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above. If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or
the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this email
in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this
email from your system. Thank You 

Kay Mann 03/15/2001 04:03 PM I have a change in plans next week. My dad is
having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday. I was
planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges
in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise. I will manage client
expectations accordingly. 

Kay 

I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal. Is that ok with you?
Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/15/2001 04:17 PM Conference Plus will be hosting this call:

the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001 the number: 1-800-991-9019 the passcode:
6871082# the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST the place: EB 3143C the subject:
Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement If you have any problems or
questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696. Thank you, Lorie Leigh 

Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to
the brain. Big deal kinda stuff. 

I hope your dad's surgery goes well! Is this related to the problems he is
having getting around (circulatory?)? Kathleen 

Kay Mann 03/15/2001 04:11 PM Kay Mann 03/15/2001 04:03 PM I have a change in
plans next week. My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading
that way on Monday. I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some
accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise. I
will manage client expectations accordingly. 

Kay 

For better or worse, all the folks under the heading "Origination" and
"Development" are ours, although Kathleen has a special role with Development.
Kay 

FYI - See rows 49-53; columns E-J for our group. 

Kathleen Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/15/2001 04:44 PM I received a report from HR and
it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for
various employees. Please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in
your group. The ones that I made changes to are in red. Thanks, Paula. 

I formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet. Please use
this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier. Please review the attached
org chart for March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow. It is imperative
that all of the information on the attached file is accurate, including titles,
as this information is being given directly to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen.
Thanks, Paula. 

Here's the version showing revisions. Kay--I finally got it to blackline
correctly. Here it is. Also attached is a sample availability provision
(actually 2 different versions). - redvepco.doc - SAMPLE.DOC 

Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/15/2001 04:17 PM Conference Plus will be hosting this call:

the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001 the number: 1-800-991-9019 the passcode:
6871082# the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST the place: EB 3143C the subject:
Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement If you have any problems or
questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696. Thank you, Lorie Leigh
46093 Kay Mann 02/13/2001 04:13 PM Good afternoon, 

I'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions
from your original version. We look forward to seeing you soon. 

Thanks, 

Kay Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico. 

John Schwartzenburg@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/16/2001 09:22 AM I do not think the
prior e-mail got through to Kay. 

Are either of you familiar with this project? We have had no contact with the
ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I don't want to bust any
structuring goals. Our project manager (Scott Laidlaw) and engineer (Harry
Okabayashi) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on
this project to support the ENA work. I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron
Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project. I
am not in the office today, so please include Renee Alfaro on your response. 

JWVS 

Hello Janice: 

I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad. It sounds as
though his health has deteriorated significantly. These are always difficult
times. As I watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and ultimately
watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives. But we can be very
thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been
raised in such loving homes. Sounds as though Eric has done very well as SMSU.
He is joining an excellent company. I am also delighted to hear that he will
continue his education working toward an MBA. As we are living in an age where
intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to
obtain the very best possible education they can. As to our family, within the
last ten days our youngest daughter Elizabeth was married to a young man from
Buenos Aires, Argentina. They met while they were both working on a project as
lawyers in Buenos Aires. They're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after
returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami, Florida. This past Thursday
night our sixth grandchild was born. It was born to our son David and his wife
Courtney. It was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy. So we now have three
grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to
a few days. They are a great deal of fun. We are doing quite well. I am looking
forward to seeing Ginger "Rees" Copeland when she comes to Houston. I would be
delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have
occasion to visit Houston. I hope you have a great summer. 

Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference.
Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate. 

Thank you again, 

Tori L. Wells Executive Secretary Hi - 

Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work. I want to check with
Mr. Lay before confirming. Thanks. 

Rosalee 

Dear Ken, 

As you know, our next meeting is on Wednesday, July 12 from 3:00-5:30 p.m. In
the next week or so, we'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope
crystallizes the issues, and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible
before the meeting to go through it. Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet
with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give
us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them. There are three possible dates
for the meeting, which I suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the
panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from
6:30-8:30 p.m. Here are the dates: 

Could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you:
___________ Thursday, September 14 5:00-8:30 pm ___________ Monday, September 25
5:00-8:30 pm ___________ Wednesday, September 27 5:00-8:30 pm 

Many thanks, Jeff Garten 

Good morning, Kitty - 

Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - "the first ultra portable
notebook designed for the enterprise". Ken said to go ahead and equip it with
what you think it should have. Please let me know when he can expect to receive
it. Thanks, Kitty. 

Rosalee 

Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market, I will follow
up with the consumer models. The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are
the all in one but much heavier.
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html <<Compaq.com -
notebook.url>> 

- Compaq.com - notebook.url 

Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San Jose, CA participating in a conference,
where he is a speaker, on June 14. Rosalee Fleming 

RE:??? June 14 Reception Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an
invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be
held at the Houston Petroleum Club. I hope that you will be able to attend that
event. Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real
progress in Education in Texas over the past decade.? Now it is time to take the
next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system. The
Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders, educators, and
elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving
education in Texas. I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the
14th. Kent Grusendorf State Representative District 94 ? This is o.k. for Ken
Lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to
use kenneth.lay@enron.com. This is a "test email send" of the WPO Forum Group
from Richard Everett. By return email, please verify that you received this
message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to
use. Thank you. 

Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard Everett 713/871-5119
=================================================== NOTE: The information in
this email is confidential and may be legally privileged. If you are not the
intended recipient, you must not read, use or disseminate the information.
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or
other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and
opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus
free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its
affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
==================================================== 

Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson. 

Hi Mr. Katsof - 

I believe someone called about this today, but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know
that these dates don't work for him, either. Sorry. 

Rosalee 

let me know if you have any interest in the Tco-Pool Leach swap for the winter.
I'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $.04. I can't
remember if you guys could do it or not. 

Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing? 

Please check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet. Sitara isn't matching
the spreadsheet. 

Thanks, Brenda 

Pasquallie, 

-5 for spelling, W. Don Germany, Jr PO Box 27 Cedar Lane, Texas 77415-0027
Actually it is not a new truck. Had 33,000 miles, Ram 2500 3/4 ton, 4 x 4, 360
Magnum Motor. Infinity stereo, bucket seats, nerf bars, tool box, bed liner,
camper tow package, 5 speed manual. Oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic
converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound. Makes me want to race!!! I
believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well. Now, Debbie wants it. I
gave $16,900 + tax. It is very clean and is Sandalwood, Driftwood or something
of that nature in color. Almost silver. I have to pick up old gray over at
Jerry's. Debbie said, it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck. I
said Yep, had that truck longer than I have had most of my women. I really need
to engage brain before articulating! I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST
Augustine Grass by Friday before rain. One thing is for sure, the economy is not
faltering on my account. Dow Stock is back up over $33. Hooray, hoorah! Needs to
go to $41 and then I will be happy. I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a
bunch of folks hanging around Dad's place. We need to change the lock and place
posted signs at the gate. I may want to put some steers or heifers up there. I
am going up soon and having the tractor fixed. Reggie said he will pay us soon.
He also still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it. First come, first
serve. 

When is the wedding? We're set for 11/01/01. Be sure to take your sweety out on
the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon. It was sure beautiful coming up
last night. We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for
the space shuttle. I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the
guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns. Just jealous. My kid is
making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four
year period. She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how
much it pays. She is going to be a kinesiologist, sports injury therapist. I
think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs. She will be 20
on 11/03. I am really proud of her. Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much. You
should e mail her sometimes. I am sure she would like to hear from you.
Jgerma5@aol.com. 

At any rate, be careful and be safe. You should have listened to Maw, as long as
you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright. Shucks,
guess none of us three paid much attention to that. Oh, Jeff Sherrar has a new
book out. Rise to Rebellion. There were some pretty cool dudes back around
1774/76. There will be two volumes to this saga. I am half way through the first
and you can borrow it when I am through. I sure like his style of writing. His
books are always hard to put down. After the split Dow Stock there are 120
shares. 

Keep Your Powder Dry! 

Yo, 

Bro 

Dow W. Don Germany, Jr. 2301 N Brazosport Blvd B 3611, Investment Recovery
Freeport, Texas 77541 Pager 1 800 451 0491 (0448) Office 979 238 2102 Home 979
548 7034 What's happening? I understand you have a brand new truck. Must be nice
having money!! I need 2 things from you. 

1. I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you
name. What do you think? If that's ok, how do you want your name to show up on
the title and what address should I use? 2. I'm getting ready to divy up the Dow
stock. How many of Dad's shares do you have? Last thing, send me a million
dollars, I'm tired of working. 

I thought we only had cashout, at most 3 times, before this June. I can't
remember. I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did
in July and August of this year. I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico.

Hey guys, 

Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000? Is there
supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months? Oglethorpe over paid
their invoice every month. I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the
cashout that was not invoiced. 

Thanks Darla 

I can't get through on the phones. Please call me 713-853-4743 

Hey Ernie. 

I'm checking my emails. I assume you have your anwser and don't need me. 

Hi Chris, 

I sent this to Mary last week. She may be out because in the past she always
responds pretty quick. I need the prices below. Can you help out? 

Thanks, Ernie Simien 08/01/2001 09:14 AM 

Sent by: Ernie Simien Hi Mary, 

I need your help again. I need prices for May, June, and July. 

Thanks, Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 PM 

Please respond to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com 

cc: 

Subject: Re: IF TGPL LA Z1 

Jan 9.95 Feb 6.25 Mar 4.98 April 5.37 esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001
01:32:35 PM 

Hi Mary, 

Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan, Feb, Mar and Apr
2001. Thanks, 

Gregg Penman 10/23/2000 12:12 PM Kay - Can you please review this additional
language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)? In light
of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement
essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information. I know that we
address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this
is a right they already have. Let me know what you think. 

Thanks, 

Gregg m.nordstrom@pecorp.com 10/20/2000 11:32 AM Attached please find the latest
enovate risk policy. Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one
language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights. Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>

- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc 

I'm still at home. I'll be in tomorrow. I have a fax machine at home, though, if
you prefer. Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can
have Laura sign and I'll initial later. Which do you prefer? Kay 

Are you in the office to initial signature pages today? If not, is there someone
else that will? I know that Jeff is in Portland. 

Gregg 

Kay Mann 10/26/2000 11:07 AM If Jeff is happy, I'm happy. 

Kay 

Hello - I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from
Peoples regarding Audit Rights. His initial reaction was that their request was
probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to
enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate
confidentiality agreement. This language has been included in the attached
draft. My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of
today. Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further
blurred each passing day. Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any
problems with the draft as written. Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples
as our final revision by mid morning. Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
Thanks, 

Gregg 

Gregg Penman 10/23/2000 12:12 PM Kay - Can you please review this additional
language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)? In light
of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement
essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information. I know that we
address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this
is a right they already have. Let me know what you think. 

Thanks, 

Gregg m.nordstrom@pecorp.com 10/20/2000 11:32 AM Attached please find the latest
enovate risk policy. Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one
language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights. Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>

- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc 

It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who
doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it. I can print it here,
initial it, and fax it to whomever you want. Plus, I work with Janet a lot so
she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt
with initial it. She is very conscientious about what she signs, and who
initials what. Is the attached form the final final form? Where and to whom do
you want it faxed? Thanks, 

Kay Since it will be Janet signing, it will probably be better to have the
initials on the pages first. Either fax or someone else works fine. Let me know
which is easier and we can coordinate. Gregg 

Kay Mann 10/26/2000 11:26 AM I'm still at home. I'll be in tomorrow. I have a
fax machine at home, though, if you prefer. Otherwise, we can see who we can
scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later. Which
do you prefer? Kay Are you in the office to initial signature pages today? If
not, is there someone else that will? I know that Jeff is in Portland. 

Gregg 

Kay Mann 10/26/2000 11:07 AM If Jeff is happy, I'm happy. 

Kay 

Hello - I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from
Peoples regarding Audit Rights. His initial reaction was that their request was
probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to
enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate
confidentiality agreement. This language has been included in the attached
draft. My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of
today. Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further
blurred each passing day. Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any
problems with the draft as written. Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples
as our final revision by mid morning. Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
Thanks, 

Gregg 

Gregg Penman 10/23/2000 12:12 PM Kay - Can you please review this additional
language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)? In light
of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement
essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information. I know that we
address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this
is a right they already have. Let me know what you think. 

Thanks, 

Gregg m.nordstrom@pecorp.com 10/20/2000 11:32 AM Attached please find the latest
enovate risk policy. Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one
language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights. Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>

- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc 

I'm working on it now. Maybe we (Enron) could review it tomorrow morning, then
send it to FCE. I can meet around 10:00. That way, we can get it to them in time
for weekend review. Does that work? 

Kay 

It was good to hear from you! 

We had a nice Thanksgiving here too. It's funny, because usually it's just me,
Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast
beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in
cooking it would be elsewise. It was good having the girls down. We played a new
version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times,
physically challenging. It's not for the meek. It was incredible what a good
player Alena was. She had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses (when
you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands!). I expect Craig
didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy. I think compared to my
house, he's embarrased about his apartment. Then, also, he's got so much stuff
in there right now, that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff. They
would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because
they don't want 3 people in that small apartment. So he's going to have to start
looking for another place. And his apartment is so run down down I'm afraid
roaches might be crawling over the baby. I guess Mom is going to come back down
sometime in March or April to see the new baby. You'll have to come visit to
check out my new house. The upstairs "guest suite" is pretty neat. It's got its
own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy. As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes,
if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice. It was a pretty
stilted conversation for both of us. But, I guess, it's a start... 

I've already made my XMAS plans. I leave the evening of the 21st, my flight
comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am. It's good
chatting with you. Keep in touch! 

Kyle.Jones@radianz.com 11/29/2000 05:07 PM Tana, 

I don't understand, what do you mean by "log in an email"? 

Anyway, I got you message, and I got the World Series thing (although I had
already received Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can
testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not
gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads). Ma said she had a
great time in Houston, She was happy to see yourself, as well as C & D. I think
she likes her special room in your house. 

Your gonna be the first to see the new baby (woudn't it be wierd if the baby
gets botn on Jan 5th?) Why didn't Craig show Ma his appartment? 

What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben (he was almost
shocked)? Are you coming for Xmas? 

Gotta go for now. 

Love ya. 

Kyle ==================================================== (Harrison) Kyle Jones
Technical Solutions Engineer
==================================================== Radianz 1251 Avenue of the
Americas 7th Floor New York, NY 10016 USA Phone: +1 (212) 899-4425 Fax: +1 (212)
899-4310 Cell: +1 (917) 859-7187 Email: kyle.jones@radianz.com
==================================================== See our web page at"
http://www.radianz.com ====================================================
|--------+-----------------------> | | Tana.Jones@en| | | ron.com | | | | | |
11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 PM | | | | |--------+----------------------->
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| |
| >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
Hey, Mr. Computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?! 

Kyle.Jones@ra Return Receipt 

Your World Series in Question document: was received Kyle
Jones/US/AMERICAS/Equant by: at: 01:00:51 PM Today You can take my assistant
Taffy Milligan off these emails again. Thanks! 

Adnan Patel@ENRON 11/29/2000 04:49 PM Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL
Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red. Adnan Patel Bradley
Diebner@ECT 11/29/2000 04:31 PM Regards, bd 

Attached is the referenced agreement. Let me know if the notice information is
OK with you. If so, I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today, then bring it to
you for countersignature. Thinking about that, what's your title? I'm not sure
you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority... No, it does
not mean that. Adding all the Enron "Specified Entities" would only make a
default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default
under this agreement. Our concern is that we don't want any trading related
defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as
a component. Richard Sage 11/30/2000 10:52 AM If you do add all the entities,
does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for
ECCL? With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we have one credit issue remaining,
DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as
Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant
to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan
transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement. Sara and Bill Bradford in
Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue.
With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so
old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to
them on 11/8/00 for review. Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey, another
paralegal in our Group. Denis O'Connell 11/22/2000 06:05 AM Tana - can you
please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with
the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating
on behalf of. Tks, 

Denis 

First Union National Bank 

Deutsched Bank AG 

I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority, and he agrees that you do
not have the authority to execute documents on your own, but as long as you are
only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure
we're OK. 

Susan, Joe, 

The referenced TAGG # was entered as a 'New Counterparty', can you please let me
know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty
exposure. Thank you, 

Russell 

Hey there yourself, 

Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated. I am
indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly
the same time as my parents. As much fun as they are, I figured we would
probably do some different things than what you have planned for them. As for
Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we
are two very busy people). But, we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I
think have hit that comfortable stage...you know, not quite so formal about
dates etc. In one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to
read. Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him
and I think it went well. Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you
and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit. I'm planning on dragging him
to at least one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go
(as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and
the full-day affair that is a U.T. game). Things in Houston are good and
definitely warm. I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical
"Rent" and it was wonderful. Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day
weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie. Needless to say I am very excited. 

Talk to you guys soon, Susan 

Hey girlie, 

How are you doing? Haven't heard from you in a while. A little birdie told me
that you were checking into tickets for Seoul. Are you really? Would you come
with your parents or separately? In any case, we have had some more time to do
some exploring (and shopping), so we have some good ideas about what to do if
you come. I think that we will stay in Korea when your parents come and do the
whole base thing (which will take only a few minutes, actually), but are
considering going to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving. We'll do
whatever you want want if you still are coming! Let us know the latest with Ted
and also with what's going on in Houston. Take care, Chris 

__________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Send instant
messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger. http://im.yahoo.com/ 

Hey Tonto (a.k.a - the trusty, but silent, side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in
this case the Big D) The play was very good and I think well received. I'd
forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in
NY. The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off
a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling). I
caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office (yes,
I had to come back after the play...I love my job!). Anyway, I'm sure I'd
mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl. As a result of that, she
has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of
playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me (The
girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia). Kori told me she saw you last
night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last
time we went. I should let you know though that she was very offended this
morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email - I mean it's such a
common spelling. So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think
they'd make a good match? She's a very fun girl. Hope you day is going well and
that the move to 30 went off without a hitch. Good luck with all of the "fun"
meetings. 

Shorty 

-- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your
success with the road test...I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to
it. Ted Noble 08/17/2000 10:05 AM How was the play? I forgot to tell you that I
saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but
it came on at 11:30. Smart girl. I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am
thinking this is a girl for Darren. Anyway, lots of fun meetings today. I'll
talk to you later. 

Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...I think you
may be adhering to it too faithfully. At this rate we may have to start pinning
notes to your shirt to remind you to do things. However, having driven with you
on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with
flying colors. Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you
forget it (and, as we have established, I have the memory of an elephant). I'll
keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32. Now
back to what's really important...you. Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie
Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the
street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about you and your needs. Ted
Noble 08/16/2000 10:56 AM AAAAAGGGHHHHHH...I just found out that I need to take
the TX drivers exam both written and on the rode. This is a two day process and
all because I let my CA license expire. I know I need some of your
organizational skills. I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon
while I get moved to 30 (I better not fail it). How's life on 32 today -- well
that's enough about you let's talk more about me. There is no pleasure in having
nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it. -Mary Little 

Bob Bowen 07/14/2000 03:58 PM Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay
the premium on Tuesday! 

GILBERGD@sullcrom.com 07/14/2000 02:18 PM As we discussed, the following is
revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue:
EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for the connection of
"T1" lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline, as an alternative to
internet access. Direct access connections might enable users to access
EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access.
Please call if you want to discuss. Have a good weekend. 

This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be
privileged and confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please
delete the e-mail and notify us immediately. The least we can do is pass this
news along. Is there anyone else we should tell? Ted Bockius
<Ted.Bockius@ivita.com> 07/17/2000 02:21 PM fyi... it sound like Bobby is in
serious condition. Thanks, Sharon I think they'll send us another update once
he's out of emergency and into a room.? Then it's real easy to call Ben Taub to
find out a room number.? The address is below.? It doesn't sound like he can
receive visitors yet. 

A. Thanks for the heads up.? Do you know the address to send cards?? Do you know
if Bobby can see visitors?? Some of the folks here would like to know. 

Thanks, Sharon Thought you might like to know. Amy Cornell Compaq CPCG Marketing
P: 281-518-9526 F: 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com <
mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com <mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com> > Jann, phoned
this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group, concerning
Bobby Riggins. Bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend,
he and other members of his team were injured by a truck.? There was one death
in the injured group and the others with major injuries.? Bobby is one of those
with major injuries.? He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub
Hospital.? Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas, phone
number: 713-793-2000.? He cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at this time,
since he is in the emergency room.? An update will be e-mailed, as soon as one
is available. Keep Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers.
Rosario Gonzales Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA-15, 150301, 153B09
281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com
<mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com> > I think it's a good idea since the
provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken
care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words
should be placed and appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright
notice and roughly equivalent size). David Forster@ENRON 07/17/2000 06:15 PM
Mark, 

We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages
(like the homepage). Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines? 

Dave 

Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos
Aires? I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually, I'm sure
I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me.
Patrick Hansen@ENRON 07/17/2000 04:28 PM Michael and myself are planing to be in
Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week. We intend to see as many people as
possible regarding EOL implementation. We will meet Dave Forster and his team
among others. We would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or
individually. Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible
to meet with more than one of you in one place. Thank you FYI David
Forster@ENRON 07/17/2000 02:34 PM Further background: 

Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes, etc. 

They wish to launch on Sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings
sometime around mid-August. Dave Leonardo Pacheco 07/17/2000 08:50 AM Mark, 

Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina? 

Thanks for your help! 

Leonardo Pacheco ext. 39938 If you need more, there is a proposal from the
documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination
amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly
attractive to the energy markets. I don't know where this stands officially (I
haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam) but I can find out from Bob
Pickle if you want. Mark E Haedicke 07/18/2000 08:58 AM We should include ISDA
energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation
developments in North America. I might also add a few items about international
developments and the EEI physical power trading form. I am thinking 4 slides at
the most. Is that what you want? 

Mark 

Current Plan: 

Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go
back to work the day after we return) 9 work days 

Wed. Sept. 20 - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm Thur. Sept. 21 - Arrv. London early
a.m., transfer to flight to Nice - Arrv. Nice around noon? rent car & drive to
first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same
hotel, visit Monaco, Nice? Sat. Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice ,
Cannes & other coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon Sun. Sept. 24 - St. Tropez
Mon. Sept. 25 - St. Tropez Tue. Sept. 26 - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to
Paris Wed. Sept. 27 - Paris Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu -
half day side trip) Fri. Sept. 29 - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day
side trip) Sat. Sept. 30 - Paris Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon -
probably by Eurostar train - (arrv. London late afternoon) Mon. Oct. 2 - London
(meetings for CLH) Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv.
around 4:30pm) To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI
(based in London). Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly
(there seems to be a problem with the attachment). If you still have it, can you
send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"? I will take care of it. Thanks for
the reminder. 

Ladies, Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics. Ineos is an English company
which has a majority of its operations in the US. Note that the credit
thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds. Please
send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP. Please deliver a
copy to me as well. Have a great weekend. Max 

<< File: Ineos.xls >> Robbi: 

I left you a voice mail on Friday. I looked at the UEComm Master and had some
comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should
be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had. 

Marie 

Hi, 

Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement. John Suttle has
OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA. 

Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John
and me tomorrow? 

If they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there
are any objections. 

Thanks 

Pat 

Pat, 

Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement. I have inserted the company
details of Uecomm as requested. I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit
Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days. (Clauses 2 & 3). I have tracked all
changes for ease of reference. If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you
please print and arrange for execution. If you have any questions please do not
hesitate to give me a call. 

Regards, 

Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford, VIC
3067. Ph. (03) 9221 4101 Fax.(03) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920 <<Enron - UC
Master Agreement - 0308.doc>> Turn up your sound a bit. Reminder: 

Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A. 

Nick: 

Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and
Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V. Please note that the economic provisions have been
omitted. 

Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. 

Marie x33907 Tana: 

Here's info on the Elliotts. 

Marie 

CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!! We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the
"Babies Elliott" had arrived. Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a
good size, and that Mom is doing well. Look forward to seeing pictures of the
little ones. I know you all are going to have so much fun with them. Hope you've
been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a
while. 

Again, congratulations. These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are
to have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon. Take care 

Marie 

Ladies and gentlemen, 

This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday, 6th
July, to our triplets: 

Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs 

Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs 

Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs. 

Although small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the
lowest level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two
to four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights. Emma is
fine, too - very well!! 

All the best and kind regards 

Mark OOPS! Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron
Deemed ISDAs I just sent you. 

Marie 

Rebecca: 

I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions
authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts. I have attempted to revise them
to make them clearer. Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am
sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions
drafted than we are. 

Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. 

Marie x33907 Turn up your sound a bit. Hi, Liz: 

Thanks! 

Marie 

Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Ms. Marquez: 

I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty
for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz. Please do not hesitate to contact
either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments. We look
forward to hearing your comments. 

Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Ms. Marquez: 

Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which
reflect our comments. Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco
Pinto-Leite, Senior Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or
me with any questions or comments. Thank you for your assistance. 

Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Tanya: 

I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review. Will
you pass along to the appropriate person? 

Thanks! 

Marie Marie - per our conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed
drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above. Having spoken
with Dennis Goldmann, I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in
place in the sum of $8M each: one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron,
and one by Enron Inc. f/b/o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing. I am told that our
respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $10M for each
party, but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties
accordingly. Let me know if this is your understanding, as well. After you have
had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked-up draft and we
can discuss our concerns from there. Should you have any questions, feel free to
call me. I can be reached at 315-460-3344. Any credit concerns can be discussed
with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349. I look forward to
hearing from you. 

Patty Snyder 

(See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)(See attached file:
ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc) - ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc -
ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc Hi Marie 

Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?
Thanks, I know you are busy. 

Tracy 

Jeff: 

Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with
Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex. I am putting the credit worksheet
on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message. Let me know if you
have any questions or need anything else. 

Marie x33907 

Hi everyone, 

I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a
day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this
is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L
would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made. Does this mean
that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and
just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work
out at month end)? If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through
June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large
swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for. 

Let me know if one of you could help me do this. Karim. 

Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of
months now. There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and
this has somehow messed up the liq value. 

John 

John, Karim, 

I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems. I believe that there
might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue. I'll
keep you posted. Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today) 

Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436 The
post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608. I am looking at the option
liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is
also in the money. Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of
the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts? The
liq value for the call is CORRECT. 

John 

Karim, I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for
the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July
puts. 

Hi everyone, 

I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a
day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this
is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L
would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made. Does this mean
that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and
just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work
out at month end)? If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through
June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large
swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for. 

Let me know if one of you could help me do this. Karim. 

Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of
months now. There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and
this has somehow messed up the liq value. 

John 

John, Karim, 

I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems. I believe that there
might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue. I'll
keep you posted. Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today) 

Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436 The
post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608. I am looking at the option
liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is
also in the money. Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of
the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts? The
liq value for the call is CORRECT. 

John 

unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, I can meet with you
individually later some time OK, now that I've got your attention - I really am
offering free lunch! I would like to informally get together with you on
Wednesday, July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm (max) to talk about your recruiting
experience with Enron Canada. We're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting
campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and
what can be improved in our process. 

For those of you in Toronto, I apologize for not being able to schedule this
over your lunch time! However, if you can wait til 2:00pm to eat, go ahead and
grab something and expense it! We'll hook you guys in by videoconference. 

I've booked Videoconference Room # 1. Please let me know whether or not you can
attend so I can order enough food. Thanks!! 

should be ok 

Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting
Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. Toronto time).
This meeting should not take more than one hour. The Toronto office will be
video conferenced in. 

Regards, Nella 

Lets try before Fri, as I am planning to take that day off 

Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob
Fagan earlier this week. I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on
Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion
you may have. 

Also, would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your
acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost
responsibility for the TCA work on this. Attached is the letter I originally
sent to you on May 10 in this regard. << File: Tabors Conflict Letter Alberta
Export 050901.doc >> Regards, 

Rob 

Rob, 

This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day. I've
also included a redlined draft showing changes. 

Regards, Bob 

<<Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc>> <<Alberta
Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc>> 

- Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc << File: Alberta
Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc >> - Alberta Transmission
Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc << File: Alberta Transmission
Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc >> NO 

Hi John, 

With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b), are we going to propose an
alternative planned outage to TAU for next year? Thanks, Mike 

"Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com> 10/27/2000 06:20 PM Please respond to kaplan
Greetings: 

IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday,
December 7, 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento. We will be
targeting to raise at least $100,000 so company contributions will range from
$10,000-$20,000 per person ($10k minimum per person) depending on the number of
respondents. We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies. If you
are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible. A formal
invitation will follow to those who respond. We need responses or direction by
no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000. Please contact me with any
questions. 

Thank you, Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP (916) 448-9499 Congratulations.
Everyone is extremely pleased that you're joining. Best of luck and very much
looking forward to working together. Best, Jeff 

I'll believe it when I see it. Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on
Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1. Thanks. I'm glad they want to follow-up with
Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats
I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call. Let's regroup on Monday.
I'll be in Portland but can call you. Best, Jeff 

Jeremy Meier <jermeier@earthlink.net> 10/29/2000 11:48 AM Jeff: 

FYI, we had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and
Robbie et al. They indicated they could use Steve's help face to face at some
point. 

We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and
MSA self-certification language, and let me know if you have additional items.
We await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC.
Let me know what schedule works for you. Also, can you confirm the correct
names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie
Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloyd? Thanks. 

Jeremy Meier Blumenfeld & Cohen Attached for your review are draft talking
points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF.
All comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated. Thanks. 

Yes, I would like to participate. Thanks. 

thanks a million. talk to you then. 

Lara Leibman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/31/2000 03:48 PM Here's the info for
calling in -- thanks! 

Lara 

Angie Buis 10/31/00 02:17 PM The call-in number and instructions for the 11/2
8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows: Everyone will dial the toll free number
1-877-331-6867. All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their
access code, which is 600-480. Wayne, your access code (room 4434) after dialing
the toll free number will be 857-771. I have asked for 4 outside ports and
should anyone else need to join in, they may do so with the access code and
without operator assistance. The duration of the call is 3.5 hours. The call
will terminate once everyone has hung up. Please let me know if any of you need
additional information. Thanks. 

Angie Buis EBS-Tax x-37097 Attached for your review are copies of the settlement
documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas
Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive
Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive
Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various
appendices to the settlement.? Because a number of the declarations and
signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have not been
included with this note.? Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including
all declarations and signature pages, are being shipped tonight via US mail to
all parties on the service list.? Additional printed copies should be available
within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just
let me know how many copies you need. I would like to thank all of the parties
who participated in this settlement process.? You have all devoted considerable
time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows.?
We now have a settlement before the Commission that includes ratepayer
advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers,
shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities,
aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail
mass marketers, among others.? While we should be proud of our accomplishment,
we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline.?
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later
this week to discuss related details.? So much for resting on our laurels.? Once
again, thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment. <<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>>
<<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> ? <<ld2d-#69397-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69396-1.DOC>>
<<ld2d-#69377-1.XLS>> <<ld2d-#69381-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>>
<<ld2d-#69336-1.XLS>> <<Primary Rights 4-12 .doc>> <<ld2d-#69334-1.DOC>>
<<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> - ld2d-#69366-1.DOC - ld2d-#69345-1.DOC -
ld2d-#69397-1.DOC - ld2d-#69396-1.DOC - ld2d-#69377-1.XLS - ld2d-#69381-1.DOC -
ld2d-#69366-1.DOC - ld2d-#69336-1.XLS - Primary Rights 4-12 .doc -
ld2d-#69334-1.DOC - ld2d-#69345-1.DOC Severin Borenstein 

E.T. Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director
Haas School of Business U.C. Energy Institute University of California 2539
Channing Way Berkeley, CA 94720-1900 Berkeley, CA 94720-5180 (p) 510-642-3689
(p) 510-642-5145 (f) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei Email:
borenste@haas.berkeley.edu WWW: http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste Attached is a
rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in
SF on Thursday afternoon. Have distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for
comment and thought you may have some, too. Topic for panel, "PUC Priorities."
Goal is to (politely?) refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued
assertions that 1) California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology
with no basis in fact and 2) the solution is to turn back the clock to
command-and-control regulation. The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the
points somewhat. Comments are much appreciated. 

Best, Jeff 

Chris: As we discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the
presentation is good to go for Thursday. 

We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week. You
had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product. You still
considering it? Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd
like to make at this end. My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest. 

Best, Jeff 

Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable-focused. 

David Forster 03/08/2000 09:45 AM Fyi 

Dear Justin 

Marly asked me to respond to you. 

As you know, the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many
companies. Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word
ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to
prevent others from using the word ONLINE. Given the above, if you have adequate
protection for the word ENRON (which covers the services that you offer on-line
as well as your core activities), I'd say that another application for the words
ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary. However, if you use a particular logo for
the on-line service, that should be registered. I hope the above is clear. 

Jonathan Day 

Marly, 

If you could respond to me on this request, thanks 

Justin 

Paul Goddard 08/03/2000 11:35 

Can one of you give me a quick call to discuss . I'm @ X37047. Thanks. 

I believe we are to some extent already protected with "Enron" proceeded with
anything, but EnronOnline(TM) , etc. just affords us more protection. I assume
this is akin to why McDonald's trademarks "Mc"Everything? David Forster
08/03/2000 01:50 

Paul, 

Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking? 

i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with "Enron"? e.g.: EnronEAuction. 

If we are covered, then was it necessary to register EnronOnline? 

Thanks, 

Dave 

____________________________________________________________ 

This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or otherwise protected
by work product immunity or other legal rules. If you have received it by
mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you
should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________ 

Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving the following
countries to the non-approved list: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic,
Denmark, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, and Slovenia. Below is the list,
now updated to reflect this change. Jurisdictions which are are approved to
trade credit derivatives: Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the
U.K, and the U.S.. Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit
derivatives include: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark,
France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland,
Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands. For banks incorporated in a
non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch
located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches). This would
have to be determined on a case by case basis. 

Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. 

Sent by: Nella Cappelletto Yes, we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives
and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities
Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario).
Thanks, Peter 

With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do
we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant"
equivalant rules? Molly Harris 03/08/2000 05:37 PM Please find attached Credit's
EOL responses for 3/8/00. 

Regards Molly 

You are the best! 

Why does it always have to be my deals...?!!! 

We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00
at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan. The cause of this celebration is the
10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract. 

It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend. Perhaps you can give
them a personal invitation... We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA
Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so
we don't have to add the rep into every confirm. BC Gas won't sign the confirms
with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties. 

I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we still need it
to be signed by ECC. Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me. Much thanks. 

We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with
WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000. This Amendment amends the Transaction
Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription
Agreement. Copies will be distributed. 

Updating another blue file because Susan B., this time, has not updated it to
reference mergers & name changes! It appears you missed some cpys on the
referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably
didn't see them at first. I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and
they popped up. When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around
and show you how to unfreeze the panel. I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on
what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he
said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out
of London. I communicated that to Bob Bowen. He also said that London was going
to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business. Wow! 

Carol, will you handle this or Mark? Tori Kuykendall 03/09/2000 03:51 PM hi mark
- i'm a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with
our electronic trading agreement. the company is Arco Products, adn their
comments are on the attached file. could you take a look at this and give me an
update. thanks. Torrey, as promised I have attached ARCO's suggested revisions
to the Enron online trading agreement. I look forward to working toward a
mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce
contracting. Dave 

(See attached file: ETA_revision0307.doc) 

- ETA_revision0307.doc 

We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as
of December 1, 1999. This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act
representation to the master. Copies will be distributed. 

Confirmation Desk: you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now. Molly Harris
03/09/2000 05:39 PM Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00. 

Regards, Molly 

Here's the list with the missing counterparties. Molly Harris 03/08/2000 05:37
PM Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00. 

Regards Molly 

Yeah! 

Probably... 

I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this
time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power.
I'll need to talk to you about his Monday. 

Hey guys, take Monday off! Molly Harris 03/10/2000 04:28 PM Please note Credit
has no EOL responses for 3/10/00. 

Regards Molly 

Mike Jordan 04/04/2001 09:27 AM Please find attached the most recent update for
Merchanting Metals. 

In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are
behind schedule. Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is
being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations
). 

Please contact me if you require any additional information 

Mike 

Mike Jordan 03/04/2001 16:29 The intention of the efforts and actions documented
in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position
signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand and location a timely
substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor
balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays
intercompany account Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with
the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock
reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock
screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering
sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements -
which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward
positions to full accounting values. 

Consequently I need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the
following : 

I will discuss with AA the following that OBSF values within the extended trial
balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing
conversations with AA on model simplifications) that there are reconciling
differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the
formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood
but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable) an outline of
the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which
must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work ) The creation of an
incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals
staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above
stated objectives The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who
will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing
some existing Traffic staff A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the
reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400. We will
continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result
of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe.
However, this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review
and signoff of system p&l values with traders. The recall of all OBSF stock in
early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable )
until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be
instigated. 

Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows the stock circularisation
initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to
current system data by traffic/co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward
valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system
issues ), requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla
forward transactions 

detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to
Barclays documentation spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option premium
utilising the above manually created position analysis the circularisation of
Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation
analysis the debtors/creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of
business 23rd I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval 

Regards 

Mike Mike Jordan 21/03/2001 18:20 Several related issues have resulted in an
increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business. 

Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility
("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end. The uncertainty
generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year
end audit. The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting
code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded
the operational burden of supporting the OBSF. The requirement to amend the
operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of
the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ). The senior IT developer for Merchanting has
resigned and been sent on gardening leave. The Corporate requirement to lower
working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above
parochial business issues. 

Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain
comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to
the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet. 

The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and
effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage
implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting
developers. The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are
continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1. Middle Office have
instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/
funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses. An
enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering
gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations.
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400, however
contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA/excel reports outside of
the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads. User requests for additional AS400
functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze
will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports
determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF. A resubstantiation
of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the
full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close A full internal balance sheet
review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates A full
circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source documentation
within Enron Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third
party inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies
will not be received on a timely basis Substantive checks back to source
contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report (
spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders ) Full
reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values Full
reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby
substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400
Barclays account A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation,
where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements A full
substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external
documentation ( invoices/request for payment ) A full reconciliation of
intercompany accounts A full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding
accounts 

I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during
April If you have any questions please call me on x34703 

Regards 

Mike 

Dr. Harris: I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely
review my application. Though I am disappointed with the results I am still
determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year. I
understand how competitive the process has become, but I felt that with my work
experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that
this would compensate for my disability. After talking with Professors Titman,
Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get
the education I was looking for. I am still certain that the School is the best
place for getting a great graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I
am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year. I plan on taking two or
three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer
and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the
graduate level. I also plan on retaking the GMAT test. Due to my disability,
this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee
that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business. I would like
to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my
application file and to personally meet you. If you think of anything else I can
do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
Take care and hope to hear from you soon. 

Sincerely, 

Ben Rogers Professor Ronn: I would like to thank you for taking the time to
recommend me to the MBA Program. In the end, the results were not favorable. I
understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work
experiences, recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would
help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability. After talking with
you and Professors Titman, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right
place to continue learning about energy-finance. I am still sure that UT is the
place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know
that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year. I plan on taking
two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this
Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at
this level. I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test. Due to my disability,
this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions
commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School
of Business. Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me. It has
been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and
finance in the future. Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to
strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know. Take
care and hope to hear from you soon. 

Sincerely, 

Ben Rogers Professor Titman: I would like to thank you for taking the time to
recommend me to the MBA Program. In the end, the results were not favorable. I
understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work
experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would
help my chances and possibly compensate my disability. After talking with you
and Professors Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place
to continue learning about energy-finance. I am still sure that UT is the place
for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I
am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year. I plan on taking a couple
of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and
Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level. I
also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test. Due to my disability, this will be
a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment
that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
Also, I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy-Finance
Private Equity Fund at UT. I know that with my industry-wide and investment
banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund. I am very
interested in energy-finance and think that your idea is a very good. Thanks
again for taking the time to listen and talk with me. It has been a pleasure to
meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the
future. Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall
application file for next year, please let me know. Take care and hope to hear
from you soon. Sincerely, Ben Rogers Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks Ben Sorry about that, I was working on the Teco O&M costs. Thanks Ben
Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see
associated with the heat rate spread option. I want to make sure that I
understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value
would be booked. As such, please provide the following detail: 

Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily
call options? What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or
West Hub? Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh
to value the deal? What volatilities are you using to value the options -
monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if
blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols)? What
expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th of the
relevant month, and for daily options? What correlation are you assuming, 15%
flat for twenty years? Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value
of the option? Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the
option? Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike? Has Don
provided the fixed payment stream? This stream should be covering both P&I and
not just principal. Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via
written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far. Furthermore, I would
like to reiterate that RAC's goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, is to be
100% confident that: (i) the methodology that is being employed is consistent
among the internal groups; and (ii) the inherent value of the price risk
management contracts matches. This enables RAC to manage the associated risk
during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately. Regards,

Christopher 

Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on. Article 6 of the Gallup
Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS
obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system
that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's
system. We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not
be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall
back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a
manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep
[Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual
system. We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions
below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost. In the mean
time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle
on the situation to mitigate future costs. Do we have someone who is watching
this out there? We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much
flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can
do. James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality
agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to
communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC. That
sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me
know and we can figure out a solution. Thanks. DF James Centilli 12/14/2000
02:49 PM Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression
Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management. My understanding was
that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order for us
to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak load
periods. We have not received access to this information which has resulted so
far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through
September. Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that
I have not been able to review yet. This cost is averaging $79,000 per month if
we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September. Good
point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on
a chunk of capacity and primary points. They are deemed to be on notice that
they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit
a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have
done so. None of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated
rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates. I assume from your
message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down? DF I just got done
looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma
service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would
apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to. My concern with
adding the language below is, could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate
would or could apply at any point, since we just stated Topack and Needles and
if they knew they might have bid a different rate?? Susan Scott 01/11/2001 02:42
PM After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined
language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated
rate agreements we've done. If there are any objections you need to get back to
me ASAP. pls print. df In discussion with Dave, we thought it would be good to
put this together in a format of questions and answers. However, as you will
see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for
all of them. One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then
lead in with the first two questions as I've listed. Please provide me your
thoughts asap. MK 

whasssup? 

Here it is. Thanks. DF Here is the attachment... 

Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing. It incorporates Mr. Stojic's
and Mr. Kelly's initial comments. Please review it and let me know if you have
any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the office
Monday). Thank you! 

OK. DF DENISE LAGESSE 01/12/2001 10:34 AM Please approve Susan's attached
expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me. Thanks! 

Forgot to cc you. df Drew Fossum 01/12/2001 04:37 PM OK. DF DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward
to accounting with a cc: to me. Thanks! 

Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this? Lee Huber made the
same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
Norma, any thoughts? DENISE LAGESSE 01/12/2001 01:14 PM Susan Scott would like
authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever,
have a surplus because they are so popular. The cost is $567.77 per chair plus
tax. Please approve the purchase of two. Thanks! 

sorry, i left lou off of the message. Drew Fossum 01/13/2001 09:45 AM Lou, do we
have any sort of policy on requests like this? Lee Huber made the same request
last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however). Norma, any
thoughts? DENISE LAGESSE 01/12/2001 01:14 PM Susan Scott would like
authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever,
have a surplus because they are so popular. The cost is $567.77 per chair plus
tax. Please approve the purchase of two. Thanks! 

I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that
MKM's spies intercepted. She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed
it with him. Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter
to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but after tempers cooled,
MKM and I decided not to send it to Stan or urge him to send a written response.
As it stands, MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and
strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with
Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation. Yea--it was
outstanding news! What a hoss. Can't catch you this time but 14721 keep me
posted on your next trip. DF 

Evan -- 

Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market? Is it
someone on your team or someone from CEC? There have been some issues with
getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who
was on point. 

Jim 

Am I scheduled to attend? 

Jim 

The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday,
September 12, at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC. The meeting is being
held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum.
(Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the
DISCO Forum.) Following the Board meeting on Wednesday, you are invited to join
with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner,
including a guest speaker. Board members are also invited to join in the
substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday, September 13. Because of an
international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our
meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked. However, we have
reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel. To reserve one of these
rooms, you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group. If
you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly
as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels. We will be making
the Wyndham rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20. If you
have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact Hope Duncan
at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710. We are looking forward to
seeing you on September 12. Hotel Information: 

Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW Washington DC 20001 Phone: 202.582.1234 or
1.800.233.1234 Fax: 202.637.4781 Website:
http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html Wyndham Washington DC 1400 M Street
NW Washington, DC 20005 Phone: 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 Fax: 202.785.0786
Website: http://www.wyndham.com/Washington_DC/default.cfm correct. 

Is this correct? If so, I will handle it. Thanks Jim. Lora Sullivan@ENRON
07/19/2001 03:31 PM Dear Linda, 

We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal Reporters for transcripts of the
recent FERC settlement conferences. Linda Robertson says they should be charged
to Jim Steffes' cost center, etc. Do you want me to send the invoices to you? 

Let me know. 

Many thanks. 

Lora 

Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street,
NW Suite 800 Washington, DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 (fax) email:
lora.sullivan@enron.com <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> 

I'm in all week. 

Jim 

Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch
up? BRADLEY JR, ROBERT L, A revised version of the Evaluation form for
Associates and Analysts is attached below. Please disregard and destroy the form
you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system
prior to that date. Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst
evaluations. All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using
this form. 

- BRENNER, URSULA J.doc << File: BRENNER, URSULA J.doc >> Jean & Thane -- 

Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this? 

Jim 

We do need a formal plan. We have been working closely together to identify the
issues as they develop and propose solutions. Doug has been providing us with
the necessary specific market information. We have been successful in
communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking
resolution. The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants
that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the
solution. Grand-standing is ignored. Those who show up with complaints but
cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored. Those who show up and complain,
but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls,
board meetings, etc. are ignored. Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT and
have had subsequent conversations. Thane and I also visited with him. Pat Wood
made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed. (Even
though he has bigger things to do in D.C., this is his legacy and he recognizes
that if deregulation does not work in Texas, the repercussions could be global.)
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) are also engaged
in market developments. We have been working with the State Affairs legislative
committee and keeping them apprised. There is an Electric Restructuring
Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th. The forum is expected to
be invited testimony only. Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT
Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel. The hearing is focused on the
pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to
direct to Sam and Tom. Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor,
there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions. Thane is in
Austin on Friday, but is available by phone. I will be on a plane to Houston at
8:00 a.m. Can we find another time that works for us to meet? Thane is in an
Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00. I am available after Rick's
Friday budget meeting...are you available then? You are right, we do need a
formal plan, Thane has started an initial draft. Thanks, Jean Jean & Thane -- 

Walking out last night, Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being
played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not
reflective of working markets. Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get
our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems
and our proposed fixes. If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to
market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation
and for Pat Wood. As important, the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right
now in messaging the market. Let's get them to support constructive solutions
that will make a real difference. 

Jean and Thane, I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3
- 6 months to leverage this situation. I would like to discuss this with you on
Friday am. I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting. 

Jim 

FYI. You may want to discuss with Becky. 

Jim 

As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple
of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow
us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric
activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site
used by the traders. We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and
analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well
for those who would like more detailed information. This would replace the paper
copies you and your people are currently getting. Many details remain to be
worked out, but we will keep you advised. In the meantime, could you please
provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues? 

What do I need to do? 

Jim 

Vince J Kaminski@ECT 04/30/2001 02:28 PM I am forwarding for your attention the
resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical
flows of natural gas in pipeline systems. Peter is looking currently for a job.

I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with
Mathematics society at the University of Houston. The application of recent
developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to
improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of
compressor fuel. Please, let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to
executives in your organization. I shall be glad to make arrangements for an
interview. 

Vince Kaminski 

Peter Percell <percell@swbell.net> on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 AM I enjoyed your
presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last
Friday. I have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and
development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and
gas pipeline industry. I am looking for a position that can utilize my software
development and mathematical skills. Getting out of the narrow confines of the
pipeline simulation industry would be a plus. Please consider whether I might
fit in your group. Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of
the skills you look for. Also, please let me know, by email, the names and
contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having
someone with my qualifications in their group. Attached are my resume and an
addendum covering academic & consulting experience. Publications are available
on request. 

I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email. 

Thank you for your time. 

Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston, TX 77042-2016
(713) 532-3836 voice & fax - Percell, Peter Resume Only.doc - Percell, Peter A&C
Exp.doc 

Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well. It's ok with me. 

Ok. Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment. Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES
04/30/2001 12:42 PM Stan: I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in
September of this year. I am talking to a number of people regarding
opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston office. Thought since I will
be in Houston, stop by your office for few minutes. NK 

Stanley Horton@ENRON 04/30/2001 12:35 PM What is the subject matter you wish to
visit about? 

Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES 04/30/2001 09:24 AM Stan: 

I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early
afternoon if possible. Please let me know what time would work for you. 

Regards, 

Nasim Khan 

I figured this posting belonged to one of you. Please see the message from Danny
Jones. Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM Dear Mr. Horton, I
have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has
become available in your department. I am currently employed with the aviation
department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge
and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild. I am asking
respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology
department. Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
Respectfully, Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net I have contacted the
relevant people of your interest in the job. 

Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM Dear Mr. Horton, I have
recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become
available in your department. I am currently employed with the aviation
department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge
and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild. I am asking
respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology
department. Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
Respectfully, Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net This is ok by me. Rick
looks like a good candidate. 

Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 05/01/2001 03:48 PM Executive Committee: 

We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive
Committee meeting on May 7, 2001. Please forward your comments or questions as
soon as possible. You will find attached the recommendation letter and his
resume. 

Regards, Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon 

This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use,
Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets. These seats are in Section 104, Row D,
Seats 1-4. Their schedule is listed below. Please let me know if you are
interested in any of these games. They will be distributed on a business basis
first, then personal use. Preseason Game A: Saturday, May 12 @ 7:30PM vs. Miami
SOL Preseason Game B: Thursday, May 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Detroit SHOCK Game 1:
Monday, May 28 @ 2:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 3: Monday, June 11 @ 7:00PM
vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 4: Thursday, June 14 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game
5: Sunday, June 17 @ 1:00PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 6: Tuesday, June 19 @ 7:30PM
vs. Washington MYSTICS Game 7: Saturday, June 23 @ 3:00PM vs. Sacramento
MONARCHS Game 8: Monday, July 2 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game 9: Friday, July
6 @ 7:30PM vs. Indiana FEVER Game 10: Sunday, July 8 @ 1:00PM vs. Cleveland
ROCKERS Game 11: Tuesday, July 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 12: Saturday,
July 28 @ 12:30PM vs. New York LIBERTY Game 13: Monday, July 30 @ 7:30PM vs.
Seattle STORM Game 14: Friday, August 3 @ 7:30PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE Game 15:
Monday, August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY Game 16: Monday, August 13 @
7:30PM vs. Minnesota LYNX Please note that date and time are subject to change;
please check local listings. Thanks, Cindy 713/853-6197 Mailing them to the
house iis fine. It will give us some weekend reading! Thanks. 

Stephen.Dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM Almost done with your
drafts. Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I
had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon). I expect to send
them out to you sometime tomorrow. Since Debbie is a client too, I think I'll
just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise. SD 

Good news. Congratulations and good luck. 

Hello, Bill! Stan will attend in person. 

Cindy 

Billy Dorsey@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/02/2001 12:03 PM Executive Committee Weekly
Meeting Date: Monday, May 7th Time: 11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor
Boardroom Video: Connections will be established with remote locations upon
request. Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved. Please contact Sherri Sera
(713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and
passcode. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting
and through what medium. Yes, I will attend in person _______ 

By video conference from _______ 

By conference call _______ No, I will not attend _______ *** Please return this
e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 4th Thank you, Bill
Dorsey. 

Thank you for the invitation. Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to
attend due to previous committments. 

Tana, Please review the process below: 

With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant
reflecting the name as you noted below. When the company is set up in the EOL
database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID. Sam, please
confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation
between the parent and child for our downstream systems. Let me know if this is
the appropriate steps that you would like to see. Thanks, Stephanie Sam &
Stephanie, 

Re: Cargill Ferrous International It was my understanding with the EOL Team that
all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get
them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a
division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous
International Division". Samuel Schott 03/21/2001 01:58 PM Any GCP adjustments
will be highlighted in red. 

Attn. GCP_London: There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please
respond. 

Best Rgds. 

Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP Please see attached. 

Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this? Robert B Cass 04/16/2001 04:52
PM Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m. See
the steps for approval below. 

US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy 

Website Short Description of Product Type: US HR StlPlt Phy Product Type:
Reference Period: The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date
(or start date) to the Termination Date (or end date). The Effective Date (or
start date) is 01 Oct 2001. The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001. 

Product Additional Information (example): The Transaction is for hot rolled
steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 72 inches. The transaction is F.O.B.
Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro Area. F.O.B. refers to the
following terms: Seller is responsible for freight, unloading and storage up to
and including delivery in warehouse, Buyer is responsible for storage, loading
and freight after delivery. The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by
Counterparty via EnronOnline (5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's
option). Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a
Dispatch Period. Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled
Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.
Payment shall be made, against the receipt of the required documents outlined in
the General Terms and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic
transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is
released to Buyer. Currency: The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of
volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. Unit of Measure: The unit of
measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 lbs) and the
quantity shown shall be in net tons per month. STEPS FOR APPROVAL: 

click the START button select PROGRAMS select TEST APPLICATIONS select
ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD) PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD click the Enron
Online Production Cluster "START" button select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL
Datamanager) PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR
"Partially Approved") select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail
above Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up TO APPROVE:
Right mouse click on "Approved" Thanks Bill - appreciate your help! 

Bill D Hare 04/16/2001 05:51 PM We informed Tana that we made the change in
Global Counterparty to include, "a division of Cargill Incorporated". We will
meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade
name setups in Global Counterparty. Bill Bill - 

If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me like
something needs to be changed. The difficulty lies in the fact that the
confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power
to contract in their own names. If the correct legal name is not in Global
Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it
seriously compromising the contract itself. That is the source of Tana's concern
regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system. My suggestion is that
Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the
EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline
team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly
completed. In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed
to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application
they are understandably upset and are now complaining. I would appreciate it if
you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with changing
the GCP procedure, please let me know. Mark 

Tana Jones 04/16/2001 03:11 PM Samuel Schott 03/28/2001 01:09 PM FYI... 

Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty
System as a Division of Cargill, Inc. Cargill Ferrous International is the full
name of this division and setup as such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link to
Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure. Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson)
would need Legal Name Change documentation from the Counterparty in order to
change this name. Best Rgds. 

Samuel x3-9890 (GCP) Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management Any updates on
adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name? 

Hello, 

Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and
child for our downstream systems. GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names
that reflect either the Tradename / Division name or Parent Name -- not both
simultaneously. (Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This
defeats the purpose of using a Tradename. Best Rgds. 

Samuel 

Tana, Please review the process below: 

With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant
reflecting the name as you noted below. When the company is set up in the EOL
database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID. Sam, please
confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation
between the parent and child for our downstream systems. Let me know if this is
the appropriate steps that you would like to see. Thanks, Stephanie Sam &
Stephanie, 

Re: Cargill Ferrous International It was my understanding with the EOL Team that
all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get
them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a
division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous
International Division". Samuel Schott 03/21/2001 01:58 PM Any GCP adjustments
will be highlighted in red. 

Attn. GCP_London: There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please
respond. 

Best Rgds. 

Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP Please see attached. 

Doc - 

I'll be in town through Sunday morning. Any chance we can get together for
dinner Saturday eve.? Mark 

I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning. MHC 

Can you cover for me today? I am in mediation. I left a voicemail for Sharon
Butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled. My schedule shows an
afternoon session. Do we have 2 sessions today? If so, you may want to split and
cover. 

Thanks a ton. I will take you next one in August. 

Thanks, 

Kriste 

Kriste K. Sullivan Enron Corp. - Legal EB 4861 (713) 853-7557 Phone (713)
646-5847 Fax I got this. I assume this is 12:30 Central Time? 

When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time
(US & Canada); Tijuana. Where: Conf. Call 

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 

10:30-11:30 PST 

Call-in #: 800/711-8000 Passcode: 4153030 Here is the overview of Bob
Henderson's Employment Agreement. 

What do you think? MHC 

Michelle, please comment. Please send me an email response about whether you and
Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written. After that, what do we do? 

Brad 

After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my
intentions in respect to Dealbench. 

Please see attached Word file 

Best regards 

Tobias Munk 

Please see the attached. 

Teresa 

Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and
the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without
non-compete). Michelle 

We're formatting one this week, and we'll send it when it's done. Michelle 

Thanks very much. Do you also have a SSD we can use? Jane 

<< File: 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File: 220a DG -
Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >> Here are the sample Agreements. Please
let us know if you need anything else. Thanks. 

Diane Goode Senior Specialist I agree also, but I don't know all the parties or
complications involved. Should there be a (groan) meeting on this? 

Can you please help with this one? I agree with what the concern is below. We
have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id). I think we should try to
migrate to one of these. Please let me know what type of statement I should make
back to the customer. Thanks. 

Kathy, 

Per my voicemail message, please review the note below. I'd like to work with
you on a response to this customer. 

Thanks, 

Brandee Brandee Sanborn I.S.C. Customer Care Design & Process Support
http://isc.enron.com/site << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
Ngoc Luan Do@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/07/2001 12:36 PM To Whom It May Concern: 

Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen
social security information. I am very concerned about this issue. 

I have the following suggestion for our company. Since Enron's employees are
assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR number, could Enron
as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers? This will be safer for all
employees. 

For example, I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill
in my SS number. I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases
at Enron, especially when some databases are from third-parties (out-sourcing).
We could use our badge number there instead of our SS. 

Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer
about the safeguard of their SS number. 

Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting. Thanks. MHC 

All, 

A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below: 

Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm (EB46C1). The Leads who are responsible
for Associates are as follows: 

Sunjay Arya Gary Buck Khymberly Booth Ryan Seleznov Mecole Brown Tim O'Rourke
Tana Cashion Sheila Walton Wendy Fincher Sheila Knudsen Karen Phillips Neil
Davies Noel Ryan Cindy Skinner Simone Scott Walker Shanna Funkhouser 

Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above. Upon receipt, I shall
forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate. In
addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects
outside their rotation. 

Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points (a max of 150)
at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period.
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know. 

Kind regards, 

Karen. x54667 Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this. Let's talk tomorrow.
Thanks. Michelle 

This is the background to my conversation with Shanna. I have a copy of the
document I can give to you tomorrow. Thanks for following up on this. Per 

Per - 

I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher. Could you please ask Shanna
to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow? 

John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both
concerned that we may have some repercussions. I am vacation until the 22nd but
Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and
any HR / Legal activity that may occur. Thank you 

Paula Let's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality, etc.
Thanks. MHC 

Hi Ya'll, I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request.
Let me know if you have any questions. Regards, Sandra Kathy McMahon suggested
that I contact you in an effort to gather information on: Enron's Affirmative
Action Policy and plans; as well as demographic analysis of workforce (gender,
age, ethnic origin, nationality) Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard
Business School (HBS) on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'. HBS will
shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess
how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.
Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me. Regards, Cindy

please print all these for me. Thanks. MHC Ryan, Try this. bob k 

FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues. Michelle 

Michelle, 

Two in one day. We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket
the Lake Worth, Florida project as well. Our execution team needs to get some
guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress
of the work. In that respect, we need to dial in Rick Johnson and Olgletree to
plan and communicate that plan to the execution team. I think the first step is
a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero. And then another
call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan. Barbara,
please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me. Thanks. David, 

I have been advised by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler that while he was
visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our
permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit
requirements to picket our site. Apparently the City informed them that no
permit is required. I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket
line at the Payne Creek site today. We will need local legal counsel to assist
us in this regard. Mike Indivero, I understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release
date from NEPCO is Oct 31, 2001. Please advise as to who his replacement is and
their report date. Thanks, 

Galen J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO)
11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell, WA 98011 USA Tel: 425-415-3052 Cell:
425-922-0475 Fax: 425-415-3098 email: <mailto:galent@nepco.com>
mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com 

Rick Hopkinson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/16/99 10:07 AM Sara, trading is still not
settled. 

Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call. I would like both Lynn and I
to participate. I assume we should come over EB. Can you tell us where. Thanks 

Rick ,Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call. Could Sara
Shackleton@ECT 09/16/99 08:55 AM Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise
for these two countries? 

I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio
Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on
derivative products for trading in Brazil. Attached is a summary of products and
the various Enron groups seeking answers. If you would like to participate in
person or by conference, please let me know. I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept
20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24. In Brazil, I will be meeting again with
Tozzini lawyers. In BA, I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers. Let me know if you
would like to participate in any way. 

Sara 

please try to verify. Thanks. Sara Sara Shackleton 09/16/99 10:16 AM How about
Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time? Please
advise. Sara ___________________________________________ Warning NOTICE: This
message is confidential. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy this message
or disclose its contents to anyone. Thank you. 

- Em-enro2.doc 

The call was cancelled. I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday
morning. Sara 

Andrea Bertone@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/15/99 04:41 PM Yes. If something happens
that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know. Thanks. 

Sara Shackleton@ECT 09/15/99 08:15 PM This call has been changed to 3 pm
(Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time). Please let me know if you would
like for me to conference you in. Sara The draft you received has been approved
by Dan. If you would like this executed, please let me know. Sara Daniel R
Castagnola@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/17/99 01:47 PM Sara: 

Looks good. 

Dan 

Sara Shackleton@ECT 05/17/99 11:23 AM Dan: please see if the attached draft
works. My extension is 35620. Sara As a result of our luncheon with the confirm
desk yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all
omnibus attachments? If you think any other pertinent information could be
included, please feel free to add it. Thanks. Sara I e-mailed your assistant
earlier this morning and have had no response. 

Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo)
on Friday, Sept. 17? Please advise. Sara 

The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston)
which is 11 am (Sao Paulo). I will initiate the call. If anyone would like to be
conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know. Thanks. Sara 

I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading. It's a
good starting point. I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which
will address both physical and financial trading. Other "guidelines" exist in
limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia. I am checking on
London. I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for. Obviously the
foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is about
as close as you can get to a third world country). One thing that doesn't show
up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue. Let me know how I can help
further. Sara 

Janice Moore 09/03/99 01:57 PM Here it is -- we printed this 2-sided and
laminated it. Becky will bring you the hard copy version. Lunch date later. 

see below. It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue. I'll call you shortly.
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the
draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original. He faxed
it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight. Hope you'll have time to
review it today. S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording. They do not
have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes. Joe asked that
you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed (I believe it was our
agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c
wording (drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the
first refuses to pay). I know we talked about these issues earlier, but Tiger's
lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued
for signing, even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c. Thanks! Call if
you have questions or if I can be of any help. There is an outside chance we
could have everything set to go this week. With best regards, Per 

Hi back! and Happy New Year too! To what do I owe this small pleasure? I'm fine
in Texas, still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc. Where are
you living these days? N.O.? Atlanta? Memphis? Eleuthra? St. Petersburg? Amelia
Island Plantation? I've simply lost track! As for me, well, I lead the simple
life, own a little house in West University, own a little car (I had to buy a
new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit), you know,
the usual. Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast? Have you gone
international? In a new franchise business? How's your family? Got to get back
to work! This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business. SARA 

SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM Sara- Happy New Year, stranger! Hope
all is well. Do you miss me? SAM 

Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and
financial) for the London traders. I am trying to develop similar guidelines for
the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise would be
very helpful. Could you send me a set? I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but
I will be in the office tomorrow. Thank you for your help. Regards. Sara 

(if .....) (iii) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole
discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned
by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments
and all project documents, have been fully negotiated and executed and the
[project] has been brought to financial close. fyi Robert Quick 09/17/99 04:50
AM Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and
Nordic power. 

I assume you need both gas and power. These are to some extent country or market
specific. As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston, I am copying this
to Mark, Alan and Jeff. tks 

Sara Shackleton 09/16/99 09:48 PM Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some
trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders. I am trying
to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina)
and thought your expertise would be very helpful. Could you send me a set? I'm
leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow. Thank
you for your help. Regards. Sara Please review the attached memo to verify that
I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in
Brazil. I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999. Thank you, Sara 

JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 12/22/2000 06:28 PM Parties, attached is the promised
ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28.
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible. Thank you
for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
--Angela Minkin Administrative Law Judge <<1%P701!.doc>> Note that this
communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement rules. "Lindh, Frank
(Law)" <FRL3@pge.com> 12/21/2000 07:50 PM Confidential Settlement Document Per
CPUC Rule 51 Gas Accord II Settlement Participants: 

Attached is PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal. We believe it
addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops. As
an overview, this proposal: * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place
today for the period 2003 to 2007. * * Offers end user transportation rates for
2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today. * * Provides for
vintaged Redwood path rates for core customers. * * Offers a 7.5 cent/dth rate
to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers, minimizing
the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges
and other CPUC-approved charges. * * Adopts guidelines to improve reliability
and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets, and identifies the capital
projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period
(2003-2007). * * Provides a high degree of rate stability, with a 3.5% escalator
to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects. The
guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of
capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic
events. * * Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths,
although somewhat less than the current differential. * * Proposes a two-stage
open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users
receiving a first option on available capacity. * * Maintains the core
aggregation program with some adjustments. PG&E also anticipates that the Core
Procurement Incentive Mechanism (CPIM) will be similar to today's mechanism, but
will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated
increases in core demand and to meet a 1-day in 10-year cold weather event. This
also will serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's
headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and
to respond to your questions. We look forward to answering your questions and
receiving your feedback. The attached documents include the GA II Settlement
proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of
supporting workpapers. Finally, please note that the Settlement document and the
Attachment are in "Word 2000" format. We would be glad to provide the same
documents in an earlier version of Word, upon request by individual Parties. We
look forward to seeing you on January 10-11. In the meantime, we extend our best
wishes for a safe and happy holiday season. Frank Lindh Ray Williams (415)
973-2776 (415) 973-3634 <<PG&E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc>>
<<Proposed Gas Rule 27.doc>> <<COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000
Proposal.xls>> Greetings Judge Minkin: 

This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the
Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission's
hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th. Thank you. 

Sincerely, Jeffrey Dasovich Director, Enron Corp Attached is a draft of the
talking points for the Commission's hearings. Few points: Our time is likely to
be limited to 5-10 minutes. Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the
presentation on our behalf. Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our
presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317). We will finalize the message points on
tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST). The call in number is 800.713.8600. Code is
80435. The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST). 

Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 12/26/2000 03:15 PM Attached is a draft of
the talking points for the Commission's hearings. Few points: Our time is likely
to be limited to 5-10 minutes. Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the
presentation on our behalf. Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our
presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317). We will finalize the message points on
tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST). The call in number is 800.713.8600. Code is
80435. The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST). 

Nice job. Going to be a wild ride. 

That's a very good point. I'll make the change. 

Best, Jeff 

Harry Kingerski 12/26/2000 03:33 PM Jeff - instead of suggesting a specific rate
increase - 10 or 15 %, I think we should acknowledge that a "modest" increase
may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of
increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and
hearings, not just determined by whim. In general, we should not be overly
prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that. Otherwise, I think
you have captured the points excellently. We're in the process of developing a
strategy to take us through the next few months. But while the (otherwise
perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and
Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the
days/weeks ahead. OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price
gouging" is increasing. The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy."
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need
and want an easy way out. His press release following the hearing renewed the
call for "refunds." On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply
her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to
marketers. And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme. At the Barton hearing, a
liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter) locked arms in
calling for refunds. Bilbray joined the "gouging" band wagon. The utilities
repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation, with hearings,
testimony, data discovery---the works. On the positive side, the FERC
commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel. Wolak
said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure
makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit. He also
stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest, responding
to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure. IMPLICATION--It seems
prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered. In the
best case, the clamoring for a "refund" subsides. In which case, the only cost
to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting
fingered. In the medium case, investigations find that Enron (like others)
"played by the rules," but the rules stunk, and Enron profited at the expense of
California consumers. You're right, Sue. Rates can't go up w/out declaring the
rate freeze over in some fashion---trying to finesse it. Thanks very much for
the comments. Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate
increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be
well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence. Will make that change. 

Shawna Johnson@ENRON 02/22/2001 04:37 PM This is a request for your interview
participation. The Associate and Analyst Programs will be on the Penn,
undergraduate campus interviewing summer Analyst interns next week. Due to
business reasons, previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had
to cancel their participation. Currently, I need three interviewers for
Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2nd. Please let me
know of your availability. Campus interviews are scheduled as follows: 

Place: University of Pennsylvania Date: Thursday, March 1st Friday, March 2nd
Day One Interviews Day Two Interviews Where: On Campus Inn at Pen Time: 8:00 -
5:00 8:00 - 5:00 Interviewers: Kevin McGowan- confirmed Jen Fraser- confirmed
Margaret Rhee- confirmed Chris Hilgert- confirmed In the event that you have
scheduling conflicts and cannot participate, any referrals at the Director or VP
level would be greatly appreciated. As always, thank you for your time and
please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions. Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator Sorry about that before. I'll not say anything. 

Best 

Jeff 

"Scott A. Kushnick" <skush@swbell.net> 01/26/2001 12:48 PM Please don't mention
my NY trip to anyone. Keep in touch. 

Scott 

thanks for the update. have you gotten a price? 

Doug Leach 01/25/2001 09:40 AM fyi Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in
ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore
Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projects. This financing activity was
primarily started to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural
gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities. Just like what
happened in Enron's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil
drilling projects rather than natural gas projects. They are currently working
on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator),
Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582. The initial
reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude and
they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003. Quality
is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur.
Plans are to build a private pipeline to Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and
then bring the oil onshore. Peggy is finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.
Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on
either a fixed or floating basis. The floating could be tied to a Platt's index
or the NYMEX. It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a physical or
financial contract, but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last look from Murphy
when the time is right. Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their
95,000 bpd Meraux, Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production
barrels. Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis
differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003? please print Amanda
Huble@ENRON 01/24/2001 01:02 PM Please address, and I'll check with Legal as
well. We typically only book deals when everything is signed off. Jeff David
Hoog 01/26/2001 09:37 AM following up on our discussion yesterday; for these
types of deals, i dont think its necessary to have all the documentation of our
counterparty's authorization to enter into the agreement. these are short term
transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business
because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements. the
primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a
derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims
that it was not a valid contract. in our case, they are only hedging. we are
collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front. therefore
they will not attempt to make this claim. even if they did, our risk is limited
to the premium , not some big payout. the risk of losing business is far greater
than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back. seems like a 5
second decision to me. 

is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long
form? by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these
requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way. please print
RusAmArts@aol.com 01/26/2001 11:57 AM Dear Mr. Shankman, Thank you very much for
your quick reply. Attached is my resume. I highlight the relevant skills in the
summary. The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE, RETAIL &
COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES. It was posted on Dec. 11, but the Human Resource
dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open. Look forward to
hearing your comments / suggestions. Regards, Rina 

- ENRONR~1.DOC 

Yikes! That girl's mother sounds like a real problem. I'm not sure how I would
have handled it. How's school going? Any plans for the weekend? 

Alma Martinez@ENRON 01/26/2001 11:36 AM What happened? Here's a story...as I was
waiting at the bus stop (7:35am) to go to school, a lady approached me and asked
if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus. The mother was running late
for work and could not wait. I couldn't say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10
yrs. old) and I waited for the bus. It was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of
her bus. On top of things, I had quiz at 8am. Which I then realized I missed. I
decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own. I asked her if she had
any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts. I called her
grandmother and explained things to her. Pretty strange...aye. A bus that runs
through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it.
Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school
(8:30am). There were only 15 minutes left of class. I stayed for the remainder
of the lecture. After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus
arrived. I told the bus driver where to drop her off. I notified her grandmother
with the time of the departure. And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me
know she was home safe. Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well.
Thanks. Jeff 

Jana Giovannini 01/26/2001 10:51 AM Actually, Jen has volunteered for the
afternoon session. I spoke to her prior to my note. Is there anyone else in EGM
that could participate? Please let me know. Thanks. 

Jen, please take care of this for EGM Jana Giovannini 01/24/2001 11:42 AM All, 

The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that
need to be addressed immediately. While we anticipate many new Analysts joining
Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it necessary to
address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting event. We are
planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting approximately 30
candidates to be interviewed. I am asking that you forward this note to any
potential interviewers (Managers or above). We will conduct first round
interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon. We
need for interviewers to commit either to the morning (9am-12pm) or afternoon
(2pm-5pm) complete session. Please submit your response using the buttons below
and update your calendar for this date. In addition, we will need the groups
that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should
they be extended an offer. Thanks in advance for your cooperation. Thank you,
Jana 

Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up? Can you provide me with
more details? Great job, guys. 

Eric Gonzales 01/25/2001 02:02 AM Great job gentlemen! This deviation shows that
Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited
with quick reactions and favourable market movements. Eric Wayne
Perry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 25/01/2001 00:20 Finally completed tonight 

Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $0.10/ mmbtu ) Net to Eco about
$3,300,000 ( Enron 50% share about $ 1,650,000 ) Enron total gain not counting
ENA's trading desk margin is $1,922,000 Not bad for a single cargo. 

Wayne 

Jen, please take care of this for EGM 

Marianne: The following are my comments: 1. In Section 1.1, there should be a
parentheses after etc. in the 5th line. 

2. In Section 3.1, in the last sentence after the proviso insert "a" before the
word "change" and after the word "in". 3. In Section 6.1, change 20 Business
Days to 20 days. Also, add a semicolon at the end of clause (i). 4. In Section
6.2.1 I'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open
issue. 5. In Section 6.3, clause (c) should be reworded to fit with the language
in the beginning of the Section. 6. Capitalize the word "facility" in the
definition of Average Annual Load Factor. 7. Delete the definition of Costs as
it is already defined in Section 6.2.1. 

8. Where is the defined term Govt Authority used? 

9. In the GTC, the ECP rep should also apply to EESI. Also, in the 7th line of
the reps add the word "into" after the word "entered" and before the word
"this". 10. In Collateral Requests, insert a comma after deposit in the last
line. I will also add granting/perfection language. 11. In Events of Default,
clause (a) refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure exists. In clause (e),
delete the "s": from the word consolidation. 

12. Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1. 

13. In UCC/Disclaimer of warranties, add a clause (c). 

I would add setoff language. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Marianne Castano@EES 05/30/2001
11:05 AM Carol: 

I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our
long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form.
Attached please find a sample short form (for the Con Ed market) for your
review. Please note the following as you review: 

1. The short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing
billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as
customer's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T&D
and the like from the customer (and reflect same on our invoice) and pass those
amounts on to the customer's utility. 2. I did not include a "Setoff" provision
in this draft, mainly because the vast majority of the time, we will not, nor
will an affiliate, have another agreement in place with these customers. If you
feel strongly about our including a setoff provision, we will do so. 3. The
change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form -- the
thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh
(and we've had great difficulty selling it in the past). Taking into
consideration this class of customer, we decided to include certain items,
including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law, rules or
practices as a "force majeure event" in an effort to soften the approach (see
the GTCs). Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the
event of a change in law as the long form does -- again, more in the interest of
"saving space" than anything else... Let us know your thoughts on this document
and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid
form is launched. If you are comfortable, we will drive these changes into our
other midmarket power forms. Thanks again for your help with this project, 

Marianne 

P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your
response -- they will be taking this project during my "hiatus" -- I am moving
to PA on Friday of this week, and will be out of pocket through approximately
7/16. I will start up again in mid-July... 

John: I have faxed to you the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the
EEI Master. I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by
fax or e-mail. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol St Clair 05/31/2001 09:01 AM
Phyllis: Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all
of the language that makes the LC transferable. 

Are you okay with that? If so, are we ready to execute? Carol St. Clair EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com lemelpe@NU.COM
05/30/2001 03:00 PM Carol: 

I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open
transactions. How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC?
Marianne: In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form, I think
you should add a forward contract rep. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989
(Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Christie or Cass: Are we
playing tomorrow at 9:30? 

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda: As I mentioned in my e-mail, John Lepore at
Select Energy (Settlements Group) is trying to reconcile our list with his list.
He needs more info about these trades (i.e., price info) and would like to talk
with you about it. His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is
leporjj@selectenergy.com. Once we agree on the list, we can sign the EEI Master.

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 05/25/2001 12:45 PM Here's everything
that flows from 5/1/01 forward. 

Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 12:01 PM We need to include all outstanding
transactions. Thanks. 

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 05/25/2001 11:45 AM Do you want 6/1/01
and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been
settled? Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment. Carol St Clair
05/25/2001 10:56 AM Rhonda: Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to
be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version? Carol St.
Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@NU.COM 05/25/2001 10:44 AM Carol - I think Valerie Mooney (our credit
person) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC
format. I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we're all set on the language in the
Schedule to the ISDA, and there is a minor credit/billing issue in Paragraph 13
related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will
discuss with Ed as well. As far as the EEI goes, the only remaining issue that
I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC) is whether we've finished
coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions. Sounds
like we may actually get these documents executed early next week. Phyllis
Lemell 

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 06/01/2001 03:20 PM I am missing Deal
No. 74419 on your sheet. It is Enpower No. 295870. Will fax. Rhonda: Thanks so
much for your help on this. 

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 06/01/2001 03:20 PM I am missing Deal
No. 74419 on your sheet. It is Enpower No. 295870. Will fax. Carol St. Clair EB
3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L
Denton 06/01/2001 03:20 PM I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet. It is
Enpower No. 295870. Will fax. Phyllis: We can accept the language with your
chnages. Are we ready to execute? I am out of the office today but will be back
tomorrow. Please call me. thanks. 

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com lemelpe@NU.COM 06/04/01 08:38 AM Carol - Our credit
person doesn't understand why the transferability language needs to be
eliminated. It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer
process that governs the letter of credit generally. Is there some specific
concern that we can address? 

Russell: Your comments to the transfer agreement were fine. With respect to the
Guaranty, I will delete the Schedule. Our system did not show any other chnages.
Were there any? Carol 

Yes. 

Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com 

All, 

Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar. I wanted you all to
have a look at what we believe is the final draft. It is a fairly standard,
fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar. Transwestern will own and operate
the interconnect. You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan"
that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the
recent Enron events. If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of
these payments, please give me a call. Also, you will notice this interconnect
may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have
added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes
back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax. Robert
Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language. We
hope to execute this Agreement this week. If you have any comments, please let
me know. After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files. 

Thanks, Kim 713-853-3098 << File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect
02-05-02.doc >> Earl, 

We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we
will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's
property). As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW,
we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.
Our in-service date is May 1. If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to
receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that
vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to
our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1. 

Thanks, Kim. 

Kim 

Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required
in-service date? 

Thanks Earl Chanley 505-625-8031 All, 

Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar. I wanted you all to
have a look at what we believe is the final draft. It is a fairly standard,
fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar. Transwestern will own and operate
the interconnect. You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan"
that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the
recent Enron events. If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of
these payments, please give me a call. Also, you will notice this interconnect
may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have
added language in Para 3.that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back
to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax. Robert Guthrie
with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language. We hope to
execute this Agreement this week. If you have any comments, please let me know.
After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files. 

Thanks, Kim 713-853-3098 << File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect
02-05-02.doc >> Are you back in the office yet? 

We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday, May 24 to
Newark/Rome and returning on Sunday, June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston. Ticket
price was $1,183 per ticket. Paul and Judy are on board. Can you and Tom join
us? Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's
broken leg. 

Please call me, let's discuss. 

Thanks, Kim X33098 John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can
implement immediately. I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I
don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have
already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks! Kim. 

The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use,
I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new
form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates. How much
notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new
TW Hotline phone number? We can do a Popup notification along with changing the
number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send
an Email to customers. Do you think we need to do more? 

Thanks: John Buchanan 

Yes, thanks. I was aware. I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry.
Thanks, Kim. 

Kim, The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer
notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which
sent an Email. The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044. I was under the
impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation, TK was
also made aware. 

John Buchanan 

John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately. I
was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were
there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for
implementation which is great, thanks! Kim. 

The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use,
I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new
form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates. How much
notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new
TW Hotline phone number? We can do a Popup notification along with changing the
number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send
an Email to customers. Do you think we need to do more? 

Thanks: John Buchanan 

Here it is. K. See the attached spreadsheet. Let me know if you have any
questions. 

Jan, 

These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks
ago. Are you comfortable with the difference? Any thoughts? No hurry, I was just
wondering. 

Thanks, Kim. 

Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported
in the Browncover report. 

Note: 

Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $180.9m. The amount of transportation
revenues recorded in the general ledger is $165.9m. 

This difference is mainly due to the following: $10.0m - negotiated rates
reserve(Reliant,Sempra, Richardson, Astr,and BP Energy) - $collected $ 2.7m -
SoCal rate issue - $not collected $ 1.8m - additional month of PGE revenues due
to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $collected Revenues for these
customers were adjusted according. Also, revenues for the shippers acquiring
released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates were adjusted
accordingly. 

Please call me at x36709 if there are questions 

thanks, richard 

Kyle, Sorry for not sending this yesterday. Monday's are always tough. Please
review and let me know what you think. Let's talk before I leave town next
Wednesday. Thanks, Kim. Kim, Here is the Job Description and the Operational
Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday. As you can see
it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal
relationships. It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own
spiritual journey. If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to
contact me and/or send me their resume. See you Sunday. Tom Thomas W. Daugherty
Vice President for Spiritual Care Methodist Health Care System 6565 Fannin
Street, D-200 Houston, Texas 77030-2707 Office: 713-793-1429 Page: 281-735-5919
Cell: 713-819-2784 Fax: 713-790-2605 Mansoor, 

Let's discuss. Kim. 

Kim 

The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain. Since the
bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it
being prepaid (Daniels, Fisher, Rosemont, other). These are the vendors of
instrumentation required for the interconnect. Questar may be able to purchase
material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery. (From time PA
approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most. We have worked with
Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days
alone. Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the
main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had
not been delivered. Not the usual mode of operations. The I/C design is for a
UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or
Kansas are the only two places to test to 100% of design). Will confirm testing
schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP. We will try to complete the
I/C with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are,
a realistic date would be June 15, 2002. If you have questions or issues, please
let me know. 

Thanks Earl Chanley 505-625-8031 Earl, 

We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we
will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's
property). As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW,
we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.
Our in-service date is May 1. If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to
receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that
vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to
our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1. 

Thanks, Kim. 

Listening to the Edison call w/investors Edison says they will pay everyone at
the same time ("big bang" approach) sometime in Q1'02. My concern is that
between now and then Dunn, the AG have the time and resources to make a
heckuvalot of mischief, which could be detrimental to generators/marketers'
claims. Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators--asking
about haircuts in particular--and Edison is side-stepping the questions. 

Great. Figured they'd contacted them, but wanted to make sure. You know when the
meeting with schedulers will be? I apologize, I'm on the road and haven't heard
when that will be. I'm thinking that I may want to attend. Thanks. 

Best, Jeff 

Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance./ 

If you haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs.
They're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon. I'll get you the
announcement. 

Best, Jeff 

Probing the 'palace coup' Electricity: A panel focuses on price hikes and the
actions of the ISO president. September 26, 2001 By KIMBERLY KINDY The Orange
County Register SACRAMENTOA state Senate committee is set today to start serving
16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California's
energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy
prices. The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana,
is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean
plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the
palace coup." Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by
the man who heads the state's energy grid - fueled the California energy crisis,
pushed the state into the power-buying business and helped make billions of
dollars for power producers. The central question behind the palace coup is
whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted
alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount
power generators could charge. Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis
when he filed a 50-page request to remove the caps, records and interviews show.
"I don't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted
effort," said Dunn. The subpoenas will force those involved, including Winter,
to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee, and to turn over
e-mails, personal calendars and memos. Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the
governor felt "betrayed" by the actions of Winter. "The governor believes it was
the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant
crisis," Maviglio said. Winter refused comment, referring all questions to the
public relations office. ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn's committee will
find no criminal conduct. The decision was made by ISO upper management with one
goal in mind: to keep the lights on. At the time, generators were refusing to
sell power in California because of the price caps. "It was an emergency,"
Fishman said. "We had to take action.'' What became known as the palace coup
began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the
amount of money electricity producers could charge for power. The restrictions
would drive prices as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750
per megawatt limits of seven months earlier. "They (electricity generators)
grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by ISO was too much,"
said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March. "All hell broke
loose.'' Records show that on Oct. 31, power generators and electricity traders
filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, demanding that the
new plan be killed. The letters, six in all, were sent within two hours of each
other and represented dozens of power generators. "If not removed immediately,
the (ISO) price cap will sow confusion in the market, threaten reliability and
stifle new investment in generating capacity,'' read one letter written by Duke
Energy Vice President William Hall III. Although there is nothing illegal about
the generators acting together to lobby against price caps, Dunn believes the
letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among
energy officials. He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine
whether collusion occurred to "fix" prices, which would violate federal trade
laws. In the Oct. 31 letters, electricity producers told federal officials that
if price caps weren't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market.
The generators got their way. The next day, the federal commission killed the
new pricing plan. What was left in place was a $250 price cap established five
months earlier. Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that
cap, saying they couldn't make a profit even under these constraints. They began
to withhold power from California, and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first
Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted. What
followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal
moment of the energy crisis. Winter, who in his position as president and chief
operating officer of the ISO, submitted a 50-page emergency request, asking
federal officials to abolish the $250 price cap. Final authority over lifting
the cap rested with the federal government. Neither the ISO board, which had
established the price cap, nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until
the cap had been removed. In fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency
request, Charles Robinson, was in a meeting with representatives of the governor
and ISO board members just hours before the filing was made. He didn't mention
anything about it. "In retrospect, we should have told them,'' Robinson said.
With the price caps gone, the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators
justifying higher costs. "The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key
energy advisers with poker faces, not saying a word about something that was
going on at the exact same moment,'' Maviglio said. "It was beyond belief that
they failed to mention something so significant. This action accelerated the
utilities' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into
the power-buying business." Prices for electricity jumped from an average of
$249 a megawatt to $700 a megawatt within three days, ISO records show. Dunn
believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $30 billion.
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather
than hurt Californians. Prices, he said, did not spike as a result. Instead they
followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power
plants to generate electricity. Robinson said the emergency order allowed the
ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal
officials. "We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson
said. "In our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial
situation. We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review
and refund." Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and
executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did
not consult him about eliminating the price cap. Smutney-Jones also said he was
unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted. "Terry did
this by himself,'' said Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent
Energy Producers. "He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the
power flowing." The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week
demanding Winter explain his actions. Some board members pushed to have Winter
removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the
governor's spokesman Maviglio said. James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission chairman, defended making the December decision and also
defended Winter. "They filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let
California go dark,'' Hoecker said. "They (ISO management) did what any
independent system operator would do." What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is
why all these events transpired. He believes memos and e-mails around the time
of Winter's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues. "We don't know why he did
what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said. "Terry said he made that
filing in the interest of Californians, but I find that argument has no basis in
fact.'' 

We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to
avoid recreating the wheel on this one. I can dig it up if you'd like. 

Sue and Jeff -- 

I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our
view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already
on DA). Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter. 

My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this (maybe?) and our #1
priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state. Any news on
how SCE and SDG&E will move forward? 

Thanks. 

Sounds good. 

I suggest a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf, and
as for the wager, no emails from the losing team for one week! Is there any
question? I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal. As I recall, Montavano,
Shapiro and I usually make up one team, but I'm willing to switch around a bit.
Best, Jeff Are you playing golf? And if yes, what's the game and wager??? 

Jim 

"Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com> 11/28/2000 06:16 PM It's a two way
street, of course. Have they expressed any interest in negotiating? There is
nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation, but nothing particularly helpful about
generating one that s just for show. Particularly in the absence of any entreaty
from them. 

Where is the "simple" explanation of the transportation piece? 

As I have told RNR, I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not
in conformity with the contract, sinceit is in the alternative, and that our IP
is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators (since Duke clearly
cannot change it's ineffective IP at this stage, having already seen ours).
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one
and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship
under the contract. What say ye? 

none 

Susan Rance@ENRON 11/28/2000 03:58 PM By Friday December 1st, could you please
tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the
months of October and November. In addition, could you look over the list below
to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on
ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP. Thanks for you
cooperation. ***Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transactions and
accounts. ***Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours
and help/remote support hours. HR - Veronica Parra, Nedre Strambler, Fran Mayes,
Felicia Solis Legal - Bob Carter, Travis McCullough, Lisa Mellencamp, Shelia
Tweed, Richard Sanders, Michelle Cash Corporate Finance- Joe Deffner, Brain
Kerrigan, Lewis Worthy, Mary Perkins IT- Jason Chumley Structuring/Technology -
Brad Alford, Chris Coffman, Bill Keeney Insurance- David Marshall 

Susan 

Looks good 

Steve Van Hooser 11/28/2000 11:34 AM Richard, 

How does this look? If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today, I'm going to
propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before
Thursday's meeting with LIPA. Thanks for your help this morning. 

Steve 

In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim
against any insurance company. Anyone else? If so, please contact Michelle.
Michelle Blaine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/28/2000 07:35 PM Justin, I have no
knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call
Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here. I've read the materials you
sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately. Richard do
you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are
you aware of any Enron has filed?? We sued Houston Casualty last year but I
don't recall making any bad faith claims. It settled anyway, a long time ago. mb

Michelle, Did you get my fax on Friday? I guess the questions on which I should
like your steer are: (a) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the
reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India? (b) Is it right that
Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas? (c) Are you happy with the
draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you? Please give me a call if you would like
to discuss. 

Justin 

Not when I was there, but I wasn't there the whole time. 

Michelle and Ken, 

were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday? If you got
the chance today, I should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call
to discuss this issue; I think we should set out DPC's position clearly on this
in correspondence without too much delay. Justin 

____________________________________________________________ 

This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or otherwise protected
by work product immunity or other legal rules. If you have received it by
mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you
should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________ 

Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature. Thanks. Russell Montgomery@ENRON
11/28/2000 08:22 AM Richard- 

Per my voice mail, here is the letter. As I mentioned, please let me know when
it is ready, and I will send someone to pick it up. Thank you for your help.
Russ 3-5297 brianp@aiglincoln.com 

Rob Jacobs <rsjacobs@Encoreacq.com> 11/28/2000 11:25 AM Hi Rich, 

Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet? Also, remind me of
Patterson's email, so I can harass him directly. Hope your pre Chanukah planning
is going well. 

Rob 

- C.DTF 

As you can tell from the time of my e-mail, I am getting crushed. Please ask her
to be the contact person. Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/28/2000 09:46
AM Now that Michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the
contact person with AAA on this? I am sending you a letter from their atty. Call
me to discuss. 

Cheryl Marshall 11/27/2000 10:25 AM As of today, we have not received payment in
full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000. We did
receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000. Richard - please let me know what
we need to do next to file suit. Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11
AM The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman. 

(See attached file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc) 

- Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc 

Richard B Sanders 11/28/2000 09:56 PM I am sending you a letter from their atty.
Call me to discuss. 

Cheryl Marshall 11/27/2000 10:25 AM As of today, we have not received payment in
full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000. We did
receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000. Richard - please let me know what
we need to do next to file suit. Has Liz finished with gathering the documents?

melanie.gray@weil.com 11/13/2000 03:43 PM Here are the revised dates for the
response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel. As you may
recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention. We should be
expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their
threat. I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has
filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the
enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee
is seeking. As you see below, she is pulling those together. 

Call to discuss the response to the Trustee's settlement offer. 

Thanks. Hi--Talked to Craig and the Court today. The motion to compel is now
scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m. The trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27
and Enron reply is due Dec 1. I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron
requested. That is all for now.--Liz 

**********NOTE********** The information contained in this email message is
intended only for use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of
this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible
to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately
notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original message. Thank
you. 

"Gerry Strathmann" <gstrathmann@mediaone.net> 11/08/2000 02:19 PM Dear Mr.
Sanders - ? While I left a you a phone message with some information about our
project, I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well...
? We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute
Management Protocol.? We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as
AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to
answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational
efforts.? The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we
will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol. I am a
member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration
Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B
transactions.? At this time we are putting together small working groups to
validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings.
Initially our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology
consultants, would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day.?
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and
operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services.?
Before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of our proposed
service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting. The real
focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the
needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces.? We are very concerned with
providing services that are relevant to that environment. We would like to meet
between November 14 and?December 1?since construction of our services is already
underway.? Please let me know what is possible, and feel free to give me a call
if you have any questions (978-376-9004). ? Thanks. 

-> Gerry 

Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association (978) 376-9004
303-294-4499 "Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com> 11/29/2000 09:52 AM
Thanks, Richard. Do you have a tel # for Mike? Thanks. 

Mark Palmer@ENRON 11/29/2000 10:45 AM I'll send a copy of the suit filed against
the generators as soon as I get it. 

Mark 

"Leopold, Jason" <Jason.Leopold@dowjones.com> 11/29/2000 10:40 AM Hello
Energyphiles: 

OK, perhaps it was inevitable. But it is now official. A team of San Diego's
best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the
electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to
return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of
California this year. A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer
class action lawsuit to be filed today. WHEN: 11am - noon WHERE: 550 West C St.
(b/t Columbia & India) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine, Steinberg, Miller &
Huver 619-231-9449 WHAT: Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at
that time. UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to
answer questions about the complaint. We are hopeful that we can post the
complaint to the UCAN web site later today. ***********************************
"Time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best
students" Michael Shames Executive Director Utility Consumers' Action Network
1717 Kettner Blvd. Suite 105 San Diego, CA 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org 

the industry of Marriage and Kids, you heard me. Marriage is, in and of itself,
a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck. How can
I say such an abomination, ask you? Look around you and notice all the mind
numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they
do. These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air. These are the kids
who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become
under the post hippie culture, you heard again. And you might think by reading
this I blame the kids..... Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they
do. It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them. That will likely never
change. It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to
understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and
be a responsible role model for those kids. Very few parents do this. And this
is a direct result of the Politically correct, permissive, time out granting
bullshit liberal culture that has caused this. When you blame it all on society,
there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation
of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the
neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're
doing. People like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my
sympathy. Look inside yourselves parents, is this you? Probably it is. Fuck you.
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to "get a break" . You made a
choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice
that you madea and that's life. Tough shit. Just because you're stuck, doesnt
give you the right to drag down all the singles around you. Another time I'll
segueway into all the fun work related instances where "Mommies" get out of
doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason. This is the insidious
conspiracy I call "Mommism". It must be stamped out. 

[http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines]

(Newsday.com) It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating
loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago. Now, NASA
engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with "go" fever as the tentative date
for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches. The most important
question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety
features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned
from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew
out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for
image-puffing and budget-cutting. I hope so. Seeing another "Columbia" incident
can be quite frightening (I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in
Texas). We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that
keeps our imagination going as a species. Maybe one day they will allow space
tourism, (hopefully that will be in the near future)although I would recommend
that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones. 

You do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the "fear
of reporting failure" culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects
on the Columbia shuttle. Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward
if they see any potential problems (as it is clear that overlooked problems
could result in unnecessary losses). But supporters are pointing a few good
things out: Clearly, the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical
challenges posed by a superb and surprisingly independent-minded investigative
panel. A few weeks ago, shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center received a
rocket-like boost in morale with two important deliveries for the next shuttle
to carry. One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile
while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed. The other is a
new fuel tank "guaranteed" by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of
insulation. NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future. But lets hope
for their sake (and the sake of all space lovers out there) that they can
redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again. Selah. 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM 

Healing the Collective Body 

In George Orwell's influential novel "1984" doublethink is a device promoted by
the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas
at the same time such as "war is peace". I see the merit in flowing with
duality. One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are
both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and
at the same time we are all one, that there is no separation between you and I,
we are all together in this thing called life, we human beings, the birds and
the tress, the rocks and the sky, all of it. I have written a lot recently about
healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body,
mind and soul. Think of all life, if you will, as one great choir or one grand
congregation. Our strength is in our unity and harmony. Any major dischord and
we all suffer. Any insult to the collective good brings us all down. Living out
of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries
we have come to think of as sickness. We are only as strong as our weakest, we
are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us- playing sports and being in the
army taught me that lesson before I was finished being a teenager. When the
healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down. When
those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity
for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting
themselves. There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in. What
you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you. We are now
suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of
the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace. Jesus
said that what you do the least of the people you do to him. What are you doing
to the least of the people? 

If we are all in this thing together, let's play nice. Remember that what you do
to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and
anyone else shapes your destiny. No matter what progress we make as individuals
in becoming healthier, we will never achieve real health until we collectively
decide to create a healthier reality. Fortunately circumstances will force our
hand soon since our collective bad behaviour cannot continue indefinitely. In
the near future collective choices will need to be made. Will we choose to live
in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance
and disregard? Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down
kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger? There is no health
without peace and no peace without health. November 2005 Sunshine Coast, British
Columbia, Canada Christopher Scipio Homeopath/Herbalist Holistic Viral
Specialist 

One Simple Idea. One Huge Opportunity. What are you searching for? More personal
freedom? More time with your family? Independent wealth? Freedom from the fear
of corporate downsizing? Whether you are looking for a part-time income to help
pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from
home on a full time basis, Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen. Agel
is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network
marketing industry. The company has developed an entirely new category of
products. Imagine being part of the next industry-changing innovation.
Innovative Products 

Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticals. The
company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional
products. This proprietary Gel Suspension technology makes possible single
serving packets of Gelceuticals. In this delivery format, your body can
immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the
absorption of vitamins, minerals and nutrients is maximized. Never before has
such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products.
Consider these convenience factors: 

No water needed (as with tablets or capsules) 

Exotic juice benefits without the big bottle (no glass and water weight) Single
serving packages (imagine the sampling capabilities) 

Perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules 

Faster, more efficient, delivery to the body Learn More 

Revolutionary Compensation 

Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary. It is
our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks
in network marketing history. The plan can't be described as a binary, a
breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrix. It is a revolutionary hybrid. 

What is long term viability? It is not just company longevity. If you used to
make $100k and now only make $30k, this is not long term viability. Ten years
later your check should still be the same or greater, fulfilling the promise of
long-term residual income. The Agel compensation plan includes the principles
that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it. Are you
unsure of Agel? Take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with Agel! The
call will feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen
Jensen. This call will smoke! 

You will discover: · How to Create the Security of Residual Income; · Why Agel
is the Best Vehicle to Live Your Dreams; · The Amazing Scientific Breakthrough
Behind the Products; · How the "Quadra-Plan" Builds Bigger Bonus Checks Faster;
· The Support System in Place to Help You Build Stronger; and · The Secret to
Lock in a "Legacy" Position! Here are the numbers to call: 

620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000 The Passcode to participate is:5107 

DATE: Tuesday, November 22, 2005 TIME: 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time LOCATION:
Conference Call 5:00 PT ** 6:00 MT ** 7:00 CT ** 8:00 ET 

I'll see you there! Steve Fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909 

Email: "Dharmadeva"<dharmad...@gmail.com> Namaskar Hi All! 

We now present the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga
postures. I encourage you to do this dance, as it has tremendous positive
effects. It is a dance for both males and females. 

Dharma 

-- 

Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti. It
is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and
strength. Kaoshikii is especially good for women. It can ward off and cure a
number of diseases, keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in
childbirth. Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer
of mind. The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of
existence (kosas). Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm (unit being)
in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm (Cosmic Consciousness). This
attempt is normally referred to as mysticism. 

-- 

The Benefits 

Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes. Increases longevity. Makes
for easy delivery at childbirth. The spine will become flexible. Arthritis of
the spine, neck, waist and other joints will be removed. Gout in the spine,
neck, hands and waist will be lost. The mind becomes strong and sharp.
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured. Glandular secretions will become
regulated. Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured. Gives control over
the limbs. Adds charm and shine to the face and skin. Removes wrinkles. Removes
lethargy. Cures insomnia. Cures hysteria. Fear complexes will be removed.
Hopelessness will be lost. Helps in self-expression and develops one's
potentiality. Spinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men, nervous pain,
nervous disability will be cured. Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles,
gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver diseases.
Increases the capacity to work until 75-80 years of age. 

-- 

The Dance 

The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically. First the dancer begins
in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the head. Then to
the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'", the dancers begin their step, placing
the big toe behind the heel of the other foot. In the final two steps, the
dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground. Kaoshikii can be danced for as
many rounds as you like. 

-- 

The Ideation 

When the dancers start the step with the beat of "dhin, dhin...", the mental
ideation should also be kept. Here is the ideation. The two hands when upraised
and folded together represent: "Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama
Purus'a (Supreme Consciousness)." Bending to the right indicates: "I know the
right way to request You." 

Bending to the left indicates: "I know how to fulfil Your demands." Bending
forward suggests: "I completely surrender to You." Bending backward represents:
"I am ready to face all obstacles that may come." The last two steps represent:
"O Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm." 

Quebecker wins U.S. bravery award 

Pittsburgh - A Quebec man was awarded a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for
saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years
ago on Baffin Island Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que., used a pocket
knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island, just south of the Arctic Circle,
to save two friends who were being mauled. "All of the research and all of the
preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were
bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said. Dr.
Fortier, an orthodontist, learned there was at least one polar bear in the
central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a
dog leaning on his tent wall. "My first thought was to push it away," he said.
"A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear's paw through the
tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling." The polar bear is
more dangerous than most other bears. The latter usually consider human beings a
threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack, experts said. The two
screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres
away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31-year-old Alain
Parenteau. "Their screams changed," Dr. Fortier said. "I grabbed my glasses and
my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out." The bear dwarfed the 6-foot-1 Mr.
Parenteau, knocking him to the ground, he said. Dr. Fortier threw a large rock
at the bear, distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned
on 25-year-old Patricia Doyon, who was in the same tent. Again Dr. Fortier threw
rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape. "The bear gave chase
and I gave chase," he said. "At some point, Patricia tripped or the bear tripped
her and was at her back. I was beside the bear's head and I stabbed it with an
upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times." The bear ran off. While
there was some fur and blood on the nine-centimetre blade, Dr. Fortier said he
doesn't think he hurt the bear badly. Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon, however,
were bleeding badly. Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together
and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River. Dr. Fortier travelled
another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement. Both
Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived, though
Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular, Dr. Fortier said.
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday. The
bronze medal is given to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree
while saving or attempting to save the lives of others." The other Canadian
recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford, 42, of Hamilton, who was
killed Aug. 4, 2002, while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from
a robber wielding a knife. Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant
before he was stabbed in the heart. U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a
hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster
that killed 181 people. The award comes with a $3,500 (U.S.) grant. 

Important information of big companies 

Apple Computers It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs. He was three
months late in filing a name for the business, and he threatened to call his
company Apple Computers if the other colleagues didn't suggest a better name by
5 O'clock. CISCO It is not an acronym as popularly believed. It is short for San
Francisco. 

Compaq This name was formed by using COMp, for computer, and PAQ to denote a
small integral object. 

Corel The name was derived from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland. It
stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory. 

Google The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the
search-engine would be able to search. It was originally named 'Googol', a word
for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros. After founders - Stanford
graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel
investor, they received a cheque made out to 'Google' Hotmail Founder Jack Smith
got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the
world. When Sabeer Bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service,
he tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as
it included the letters "html" - the programming language used to write web
pages. It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing. 

Hewlett Packard Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the
company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett. Intel
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce' but
that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an
acronym of INTegrated ELectronics. Lotus (Notes) Mitch Kapor got the name for
his company from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'. Kapor used to be a teacher
of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. Microsoft Coined by Bill
Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware.
Originally christened Micro-Soft, the '-' was removed later on. Motorola Founder
Paul Galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios
for cars. The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola. ORACLE
Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA
(Central Intelligence Agency). The code name for the project was called Oracle
(the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something
such). The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM.
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what
they started and bring it to the world. They kept the name Oracle and created
the RDBMS engine. Later they kept the same name for the company. Sony It
originated from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used
by Americans to refer to a bright youngster. 

SUN Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the acronym for Stanford
University Network. Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla
recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and Bill
Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer. Yahoo! The word was invented by
Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's Travels'. It represents a person
who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human. Yahoo! Founders
Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected the name because they considered themselves
yahoos... I am on Yahoo ! 

Email : mayur...@yahoo.com SMS : +919819602175 Web : 

Hi all, 

There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild
Wars, so why create a new one? I say why not? The main reason is Google is more
accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it's not going
to go away. I have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and
for no reason. Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no
longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used. That said, the maintenance of
this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will
ultimately give us more time to play :). I'm nothing more than a devoted fan of
the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan
discussions. Regards, Humanpixel 

Aye! Good Day Mate! Im really looking forward to Guild Wars. Anyone know a
release date? Feb 2005 

Feb 2005 is the projected release date, although Guild Wars is made by
ex-members of Blizzard, so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006... Anyway, I tried to
get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend
events. Oh well, I'll get it when it comes out in Febuary. rumor has feb 05 on
the calender. BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work
out all the bugs so who really know how long. as far as pre order go to and they
have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that
you could order it off of. and a good reason for starting this group....company
firewalls lol ;) 

I was kind of curious, what exactly is Guild Wars? I havn't heard of it. 

Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game. It's a
massive multiplayer role playing game. The graphics are without a doubt the
amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming
since the MUD days. It's worth a look. 

I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have
multiple accounts. I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the
world preview. The game is already 100% functional. I can't imagine them not
being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline. Warm greetings to all in this GW
community. 

I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars.
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for
DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played. The alliance is a
pretty straightforward one. It was formed to allow many different guilds who
were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many
people to game with. There are no other requirements other than we ask that
members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post
in any of the forums. We are also a group who is looking for members for our own
select guild called ULGG of GW...which is a part of the alliance with the same
name. We play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick our members. 

I would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website. You are
individuals of quality, and in our alliance we seek quality of member over
quantity of member. You will be asked to register, and then you should wander
over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself. You will be
greeted by many members of this wonderful family. I do hope to see you visiting
us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you, as well. If you paste this
in your browser, it will take you directly to our GW website. I extend my hand
to each of you in true friendship, and honor. Come and say hello...you will be
warmly welcomed! We are currently moving to a new server, so we will be down for
a while. I will inform when we are up and running again. I wish all happy
holidays, and moreso, peace on earth. Kingel 

Dear Judges, Lawyers, Policemen, Guards, Counselors, Taxpayers, et. al., 

We are here. Like it or not, for good or bad, we are here. Who are we? We are
the downtrodden and dispossesed, the self-torturing, the disenfranchised
convicts, drug and alcohol addicts, the unemployed and unemployable. We are the
children of poverty, financial and spiritual. We have and will have children of
our own, grandchildren too. We are ex-cons, uninsured, homeless, of many colors
and speaking many tongues. We are the enemy in what has become a domestic war
against ourselves. 

And who are you? You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime? You who watch as
budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police
force? Bullet-proof vests, automatic weapons, helicopters, tanks, robots ... the
testosterone is oozing through the streets, more prisons, longer sentences,
tighten the belt, spartan conditions, task forces, gang units, gun courts. And
what is there to show for it? Unemployent stays low because half the population
oversees those "out of the workforce", the dregs, the rabble, the enemy? Please
tell me there is a deeper reason. Do you feel safer? More humane? More like a
cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify Us and Them?
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood? By the way, have
you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only
know the first phrases? It's about time we got together. Please know that I have
yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an addict, a dealer,
a prostitute, or a violent individual. Most of us still have hope for ourselves
even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas, ruts and catch-22s. Most of us believe
in crafting laws and instilling order. Many of us have burrowed beneath the
surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as
powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened
the front door. Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either
incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories? Each of
those 10 million have families, friends, neighbors ... and so closer and closer
does the We interface with the You. Don't you think it's time we talked? Are you
ready? Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and
painful future? Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely
struggling beyond where we are now? I know that some of you are, and that some
of us are, and this is what gives me hope. You need our insights just as we need
your structure. It is never over, especially when a real solution, a real
treatment for our sickness, is yet to begin. In Solidarity, 

Bruce Reilly (a.k.a Bruha) P.O.Box 8274 Cranston, RI 02920 USA P.S. - I am
trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this
cause. Ideas are welcome. Collaboration is prayed. 

an annotated text of the bill, read the article by D. Singmaster in "The
Mathematical Intelligencer" v7 #2, pp 69-72.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
----- 

Subject: Where can I get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail system
running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in
comp.mail.maps? (E.g., pathalias, smail, etc.) There are a couple of packages
available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives. If sites
next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix
archive, or the moderator. Information on archive sites, and indices of
comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and
comp.sources.d.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
----- 

Subject: What is "food for the NSA line-eater"? This refers to the alleged
scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly
other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywords. The "food" is
believed to contain some of those 

Email: "Peanutjake"<peanutjak...@usa.com> Groups: misc.consumers 

Subject: IMMEDIATE ATTENTION NEEDED: HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL URGENT ASSISTANCE -
FROM USA 

FROM: GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 FAX: 202.456.2461 Dear Sir
/ Madam, 

I am GEORGE WALKER BUSH, son of the former president of the United States of
America George Herbert Walker Bush, and currently serving as President of the
United States of America. 

This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by
correspondence. I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable
person to handle a very confidential business transaction, which involves the
transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence. I am
writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in
acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq. My
partners and I solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my
father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the
United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the
United States Central Intelligence Agency. In the decade of the
nineteen-eighties, my father, then vice-president of the United States of
America, sought to work with the good offices of the President of the Republic
of Iraq to regain lost oil revenue sources in the neighboring Islamic republic
of Iran. This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling-out with his
Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the
neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary. My father
re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty-one billion
U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000). Out of that cost, thirty-six billion dollars
($36,000,000,000) were supplied by King Hussein, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and
other Persian Gulf monarchies, and sixteen billion dollars ($16,000,000,000) by
German and Japanese partners. But my father's former Iraqi business partner
remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves. My
family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the
President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his
country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from power.
Unfortunately, our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of
this new venture, which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to
200 billion dollars ($100,000,000,000 - $200,000,000,000), both in the initial
acquisition and in long-term management. Without the funds from our 1991
partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq.
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious
assistance. Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include
the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who
is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton
oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to the venture
was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her. I would
beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty-five percent(10-25 %) of
your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture. The Internal
Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted
intermediary. I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth (15th)
of the month of April. I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make
anyone apprehensive and worried. But I am assuring you that all will be well at
the end of the day. A bold step taken shall not be regretted, I assure you.
Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100% legal. If you do
not wish to co-operate in this transaction, please contact our intermediary
representatives to further discuss the matter. I pray that you understand our
plight. My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful. Please reply in
strict confidence to the contact numbers below. Sincerely with warm regards, 

George Walker Bush Switchboard: 202.456.1414 Comments: 202.456.1111 Fax:
202.456.2461 e-mail: presid...@whitehouse.gov 

US battles to save storm victims 

Watch the airlift 

Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane
Katrina, the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades. Hundreds of
people are feared dead in Mississippi, and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is
badly flooded. The city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead.
"They're just pushing them aside," he said. Amid worsening conditions, officials
plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter.
The Superdome stadium is without power, and toilets are overflowing. Map of
central New Orleans 

"It's a very, very desperate situation," Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco
said. [an error occurred while processing this directive] One resident of New
Orleans said escaping from the storm was "hell". "We were screaming, hollering,
flashing lights. It was complete chaos," Kioka Williams told the Associated
Press news agency. She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty
shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which
lies below sea level. Flooding Walls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped city
have been breached, and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350kg
(3,000lb) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps. Before the phones went,
I was told [my family in Biloxi] had lost their roof, barn, 2 oak trees and many
pines and they were letting in water 

Natalie McVeigh Oakley, England Your Katrina experiences Blogging Katrina 

New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80% of the city was submerged, in some
cases by waters 6m (20ft) deep. He warned water levels could still rise. "Some
sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet (some 3m) of
water," he said. The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to
clear the flood waters, and the government's disaster relief agency has urged
evacuees not to try to get back to their homes. The BBC's Alastair Leithead in
New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out. Heavily armed police
have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting.
While some looters are stealing non-essential goods, others are simply trying to
find food and water. 'Hundreds dead' The situation appears to be even worse in
Mississippi. "You're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast," a
state official said. [an error occurred while processing this directive] Casinos
housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond. Tens of thousands
are homeless, and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored. "I
can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago," said
Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air.
Survivors are being found all the time, including two children who lost their
parents. Harrison County in Mississippi bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina as
it slammed into Biloxi and Gulfport before heading inland. Mississippi media
earlier reported 54 people killed in the state. In Biloxi, 30 people were
reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge".
The town's death toll may be "in the hundreds", municipal spokesman Vincent
Creel said. Mobilising Louisiana's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend
Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome. 

Follow Katrina's path 

The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever
natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to
affected areas. President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days short,
has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations.
Damage estimates of more than $25bn suggest it could be the US insurance
industry's most expensive natural disaster ever. The price of crude oil on the
international market hit a record $70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of
oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico. The US energy secretary has announced
that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves. 

Return to the top 

MOON LANDING HOAX: CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Shuttle Carried on
Aircraft model Q: NASA IS A WASTE! ( Answered, 2 Comments ) Question Subject:
NASA IS A WASTE! Category: Science > Astronomy Asked by: yheggy-ga List Price:
$2.00 Posted: 25 Oct 2004 18:32 PDT Expires: 24 Nov 2004 17:32 PST Question ID:
420072 

How much money does the USA give NASA per year? 

Answer Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE! Answered By: googlenut-ga on 25 Oct 2004
19:14 PDT 

Hello yheggy-ga, 

On September 21, 2004, the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $16.379
billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005. This is a $200 million
increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004. U.S. Senate Committee on
Appropriations Press Release September 21, 2004 "National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA): is funded at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million
over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget
request. An additional $800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA
during the Committee's consideration of the bill. -- The return to flight
activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $4.319 billion, the requested
level from the Administration. -- The International Space Station is funded at
$1.6 billion. The bill reduces ISS operations by $120 million due to the
continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05. -- The
Moon/Mars vision: 

--- The Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) is funded at $268 million. 

--- A lunar exploration mission is funded at $20 million. 

--- $10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges. Neighborhood Reinvestment
Corporation (NRC): is funded at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget
request." Spacetoday.net Senate increases NASA funding 

"The Senate Appropriations Committee used a somewhat controversial technique
Tuesday to increase NASA's fiscal year 2005 budget by $200 million over what
President Bush requested. The committee voted to give NASA $16.4 billion in
2005, about $200 million more than what the President requested and over $1
billion more than what House appropriators approved in July." I hope you have
found this information helpful. If you have any questions, please request
clarification prior to rating the answer. Googlenut 

Google Search Terms: 

nasa funding 

Comments Log in to add a comment Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE! From:
saem_aero-ga on 26 Oct 2004 18:11 PDT 

Excellent answer googlenut. Let me add some additional info. 

You can get details about NASA spending here, from their own webpage. 

Also, from their own webpage, reasons why NASA is important, in a 5th grade
format. I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our
society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy-ga. Let me put it
this way - If you have watched TV recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an
airplane, recieved any form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a
car, used a cellular phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the
rewards which NASA has returned to us. Also NASA has a large outreach program
for education, some people believe this is important. Best, Steve. Subject: Re:
NASA IS A WASTE! From: jaqamofino-ga on 26 Apr 2005 06:02 PDT i believe that
NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers' money, but there are so many huge wastes of
tax payer monies, that i find it best not to think about it. i also think the
National Endowment for the Arts is a waste, but i guess i would rather see my
money go to the NEA than NASA. of course, in a perfect world, tax payers' money
would go toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the
homeless, but this is far from a perfect world. in response to Steve's comment:
do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the
years was the ONLY way to invent the cellfone? and bridges??? i find that
extremely hard to believe. i think it could have been done in a much more cost
efficient way, right here on bad-old-planet-earth. 

just my two cents. thanks for listening. 

Please take a moment to read this. I realize that it may sound strange, but we
are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear
sick friend. This costs absolutely nothing, and will take about one minute of
your time. This is not a hoax, as so many of these emails actully are. In quick
summary, Beyond Control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a
cancer victim whose benefits have run out. That band is involved in a local
competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in
order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started. Below are some
emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort. What we are trying
to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place. They
are currently in third place, and need your help so that the prize money can be
used for a humanatarian cause. You can vote at the following link, it will only
take a few seconds. Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast
your vote for Beyond Control. Thank you in advance for your contribution to this
effort. Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email
contacts. We need the power of the internet to pull this off. The web site is
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website. That
address is . The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the
acts scheduled for the season. You can check that out as well, to confirm that
this is all real, and for a worthy cause. Abby is our beloved friend, and we are
trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important
to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments. Many thanks, and may
God bless you all and keep you healthy. Here are some emails we have sent, along
with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your
information. Roy, 

I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win
the cash for the fund raising benefit. If you can pass this info along, and ask
everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at
pulling this off. Thanks, Fred 

John, 

I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring. There is a
link to the contest page. Any help in distributing this will be greatly
appreciated. It is certainly for a good cause. Abby needs to fly to New York
twice a month for these treatments, and her time on the Federal Grant program
has expired. She doesn't have the funds to continue without the grant, and
without these treatments, her prognosis is grim. I hope you have a huge network.
Also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts, and so
on, so that the movement to help her grows exponentially. We must finish in
first place in order to contribute the $5000 to the benefit fund. Thank you so
much for caring enough to offer your help. 

Fred 

BENEFIT AUCTION & RAFFLE FOR ABBY FREEMAN WHEN: JUNE 12, 2005, 2:00 P.M. TO 2:00
A.M. WHERE: MAIN STREET SALOON ADMISSION: DONATIONS AT THE DOOR 

Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your
help! Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we
need to help her to continue to receive these treatments. Abby has three
wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her. Please help us
to help her win this fight. With your help, we know she can do it!! 

We'll have four bands, and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes.
This is an event you don't want to miss!! 

Bands, food, and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control, who will be competing
in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on
July 1. The winner of this competition will receive $5000, which Beyond Control
hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund. Please help us by
logging onto the Rockin on the River website at . Cast a vote for Beyond
Control, and help us provide Abby with her life saving treatments again.
Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank. Make checks payable to
Kendel Bunnell c/o Benefit for Abby Freeman 

By Richard Spencer (Filed: 19/11/2004) 

China's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and
diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from
as far away as Brazil and Sudan. An intrusion into Japanese territorial waters
by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil are the
latest apparently unconnected consequences of China's soaring economic growth.
Increased car usage in China is creating a high demand for petrol The
connection, however, lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to
seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by
America in case of conflict over Taiwan. The submarine incident was put down to
a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japan. But
even before the incident the People's Daily, the government mouthpiece, had
commented that competition over the East China Sea between the two countries was
"only a prelude of the game between China and Japan in the arena of
international energy". The Brazil trade deal included funding for a joint
oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to
three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market. The West, however, has
paid little attention to these developments. For the United States and Europe
are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations
with "pariah states". In September, China threatened to veto any move to impose
sanctions on Sudan over the atrocities in Darfur. It has invested $3 billion in
the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its
needs. Then, this month, it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran's nuclear
stand-off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations
Security Council. A week before, China's second biggest state oil firm had
signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran,
which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needs. China has its own reserves
of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter. But as its economy has
expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades, so
has its demand for energy. This year it overtook Japan as the world's second
largest consumer of energy, behind the US. Its projected demand, boosted by a
huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting
coal for electricity generation, has contributed to the surge in the price of
oil this year. Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities. 

Since President Hu ordered state-owned oil firms to "go abroad" to ensure
supply, they have begun drilling for gas in the East China Sea, just west of the
line that Japan regards as its border. Japan protested, to no avail, that the
project should be a joint one. 

The two are also set to clash over Russia's oil wealth. China is furious that
Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that
Russia intends to build to the Far East. Japan favoured a route to the sea,
enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China. China wanted an overland
route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if
hostilities broke out. Increasingly, analysts are saying that China's efforts
have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests. Claude Mandil, the
executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris, said the
reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble. "Nobody thinks
that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world," he said. "It
may be a difficult political issue but I don't think the energy content is
worthwhile." Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts, said
its oil experts worked out that China was paying such an inflated price for its
investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times
the market price. "If China's economy falters, which, in my view, appears
increasingly likely, then commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the
value of the assets that produce them," Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China
analyst, said. "Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is
forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid
for them." China's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest
threat to its international standing in the next decade. "Sudan is the primary
example," he said. "It marks the first time in recent years that China has
promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition
initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain." 

Email: dharmad...@gmail.com Visualizations as a helpful beginning technique
----------------------------------------------- 

If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to
help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence, try the following before moving
onto the more formal method below. Visualisations can be as useful tools, but
meditation is more than that. Meditation has to do with what is called ideation.
It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one
for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations.
Find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed. Place your
hands one on top of the other in your lap, keep your back straight, eyes closed
and tongue on the roof of your mouth. Your breathing should be calm and relaxed,
through the nose. Spend a minute or so concentrating on your breath, feeling the
air flowing through your nostrils. 1. Warm Sun Visualization 

Continue to breathe slowly and deeply. With each breath, feel the muscles in
your body becoming lighter and lighter, and also your external motor and sensory
organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner
quietness. Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing
rhythmically and naturally. Picture yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach
basking in the glow of the sun ... . Visualize the vivid, beautiful colours of
the earth (its flowers and plants), the sea next to you, and the sky above you.
Feel yourself floating above the earth and sea. As you sit above the world, the
warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and
warmer. It surrounds you. The golden rays feel soft and soothing. 

Now you are far above the earth - into space. Everything around you is so vast.
Yet, there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness. You want to merge your
mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you. Continue to ideate on
this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal
Consciousness. And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra
(breathe in with Baba Nam, breathe out with Kevalam). Try this for 5 to 10
minutes. 

Now come back to earth again - slowly. Imagine yourself sitting on the beach
serenely and restfully. Your muscles are loose and limp. Feel your body sinking
slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again. The sun's rays and
warmth are still with you, surrounding you. You are in a state of peace and
relaxation. With each breath, watch your body and ensure that it remains relaxed
- at peace. Continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over your body,
warming you deeply and gently. You want to bring something back with you from
your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal
Mind. This will be the warmth of the sun - a close reminder and link between
earth and the infinite space. Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the
golden light, absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun. A warm,
gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .Let your mind
and body be totally at peace. 

Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a
little, stretch them. Open your eyes. 

2. Mountain Visualization 

Another thing you can try. 

Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most peaceful
place you can think of. Feel that you're sitting there in complete peace, right
on top of the world. Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in
every direction. Feel you're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and
happiness. Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra: BABA NAM KEVALAM.
Its meaning is "Infinite happiness is everywhere". Feel the meaning, don't just
think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit (BABA NAM KEVALAM)
to an English meaning (Infinite peace and happiness). Think internally,
intuitively, not by words, of the meaning, as you're repeating it. This is
called ideation. It is important to take the idea, not just the intellectual
analysis. Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a
synthetic process. Whereas, trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings
is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process. Feel you're surrounded by
infinite peace and happiness, and feel that your own sense of existence is in
direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you. You can go
further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the Infinite
Consciousness, is merging with Infinity. Continue for as long as you like, then
open your eyes. OK that is fairly basic :). The important point is to develop
some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal
Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness. Don't worry if you have trouble
concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that's normal. It takes some time and
practice to be able to focus on the one thought. The main thing is to keep
practicing. If you don't practice, then nothing happens. Well maybe a miracle
could happen, but lets face it we're ordinary people and so require practical
day to day techniques! --- 

NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY 

From what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all
Christians are opposed to gay marriage. But that’s not the case. Last year an
organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality
was formed to get out the message that at least some people of faith are not
opposed to extending the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to
same-gender couples. One of “NCRC4ME’s” major efforts is to collect signatures
for the attached “Declaration of Religious Leaders,” which has been and will
again be presented to members of the NC legislature. It presents the case for
marriage equality and states, “We are resolved that the State should not
interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and
equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.” A
measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year
but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session, so there is a
real need for visible support for the “pro-same-gender-marriage” side of this
issue. At its February meeting the CHS Vestry voted unanimously to add their
names to the Declaration. Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have
signed the Declaration. Furthermore, the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the
support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration. (Since the
Declaration is written as coming from “religious leaders,” people who don’t
consider themselves “religious leaders” can sign as “Supporters of the North
Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality.”) Please note that the
Declaration addresses only civil marriage; it says nothing about religious
beliefs or practices regarding marriage. If you have any questions please feel
free to call me (after Sat. the 26th, when I will return from a trip). Sign-up
lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6, or you can email
me. I will email names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers to
NCRC4ME in time for their “lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15. Thank you for your
consideration of this issue. For the Church of the Holy Spirit Vestry, Dudley
Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com --------------------------- 

North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality Declaration of
Religious Leaders April 19, 2004 The most fundamental human right, after the
necessities of food, clothing and shelter, is the right to affection and the
supportive love of other human beings. We become most fully human when we love
another person. We can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a
family unit. This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our
United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to "secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.” The North Carolina
Constitution likewise affirms the “inalienable rights” of human beings to "life,
liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of
happiness." Throughout history, tyrants have known that by denying the right of
oppressed peoples to form and nurture families, they can kill the spirit of
those peoples. >From the shameful history of slavery in America, the injustice
of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right. The
American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck down, were clearly
discriminatory. Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely
accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social
injustice. We feel called to protest and oppose this injustice. As religious
people, clergy and lay leaders, we are mandated by faith to stand for justice in
our common civic life. We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious
traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couples. As concerned citizens we
affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry. We insist
that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into marriage or
bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders, from
forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more fully
human. We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our
religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues
involved. However, we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common
conviction. We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender
couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights,
responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage. We affirm freedom of
conscience in this matter. We recognize that the state may not require religious
groups to officiate at, or bless, same-gender marriages. Likewise, a denial of
state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities
and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriages. The state may not
favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals
their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil
law. As faith leaders, we commit ourselves to public action, visibility,
education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry.
-- Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze, FL 850-748-0740 

Email: Bill McGinnis <bmc...@patriot.net> The One Reason Why All Americans
Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alito He Would Tear Down Our System Of
Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President My Fellow
Americans: 

As many of you may have heard, President Bush has nominated a long-time Federal
Judge named Samuel Alito to become the next member of the United States Supreme
Court, to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of another member of the
Court. Under our Constitution, this nomination cannot take effect unless and
until the United States Senate gives its Consent, as described in our
Constitution, Article II, Section 2. A copy of the Constitution, with links back
to the official source, is located at
http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt Judge Samuel Alito is very highly
qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this
position: He has a very high intellect. He graduated very high in his class,
from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale. He has a long and
distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next
level below Supreme Court. He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of
different Supreme Court cases, and he can recite details from memory. He
demonstrates an excellent "Judicial Temperament," being courteous,
mild-mannered, respectful of all people; careful in his work, meticulous in
detail. His co-workers love him. His fellow judges love him. His family loves
him. President Bush loves him. 

Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on
the Supreme Court. But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and
the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him. So now the
Senate is getting ready to vote soon, on whether to approve him or not; and at
this moment (evening of Jan. 27, 2006) it looks like he has more than the
fifty-one votes needed for approval. The President is very eager to go ahead
quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on
the Supreme Court, to be judging the cases Bush is interested in. So there is a
lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval.
There is an old saying that applies in this situation: "Act in haste, repent at
leisure." Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly, then regret it for
many years to come. That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito, in
my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his
thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme
Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system of "Checks and Balances"
built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order
to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls for vastly-increased
Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court. And because
of this tragic flaw . . . 

"He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power
To The President." In our Constitutional system, we have three branches of the
Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches. And the
basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the
Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down. But Samuel Alito believes
in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory"
- which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive
Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything
that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent
Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the
Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific
authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President. The
Military is not part of the Executive Branch: it is a separate entity.
"Commander In Chief" doesn't mean that he is the boss of the Military, merely
that he is the Administrator, just as he is the Administrator of the Executive
Branch, charged with "executing faithfully" all the laws passed by Congress and
all the Decisions rendered by the Supreme Court. Under the Unitary Executive
Theory, the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual
authority unless the President agrees with them. And so Congress and the Supreme
Court become mere advisors to the President, with no real authority over him.
And the President becomes a Dictator, unrestrained by anything in the
Constitution, backed up by the Armed Forces, which would be entirely under his
personal control. And thus the United States of America - The Land Of The Free
And The Home Of The Brave - becomes just another Military Dictatorship, no
better than Nazi Germany or Fascist Italy during World War II. AND THAT IS WHY
ALL AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION OF SAMUEL ALITO. For details and
further proof, please see these websites: 

Testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
Descriptions and Links at http://www.UnitaryExecutive.net Blessings to you. May
God help us all. And may God bless America! 

Rev. Bill McGinnis, Director http://www.LoveAllPeople.org and
http://www.InternetchurchOfChrist.org Copies of this message are located below.
If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read
them. http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt ### 

CONTACT William McGinnis (Rev. Bill McGinnis) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave #2543
Alexandria, VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net Reply 

NASA & Company Diplomacy - Trying to keep Moon Landing Hoax a secret in modern
times Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and
other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a
news item underneath. Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to
use "Numero Uno" strategy, try to assert, beat, mesh and control the space
program of the country. This can also be through political, economical, social,
and technological influence. Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA
& Company to use "freeze thawed" strategy especially when the country has a
challenging, growing and ambitious space program. This can also be through
political, economical, social, and technological influence. Dependant = NASA &
Company to use "space station" model to unify the aims of different countries.
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone
challenging the moon landing hoax. The target for NASA & Company probably to get
by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model,
through the propaganda of another moon mission; deliberately failing this or
trying hard for another moon landing hoax; achieving the real aim of space unity
between space programs of other countries. China launches its second manned
spaceflight mission Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the
program's goals By MARK CARREAU Copyright 2005 Houston Chronicle 

Reuters China launched Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft, early today in
northwest China's Gansu Province. A pair of military pilots embarked on China's
second manned space flight early today, hurtling into orbit on a test mission
that could span five days. The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified
as Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41, by China's official news agency. The
successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China
follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003. His one-day mission
vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations -
Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space. Most
experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over
the next several years. But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to
beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort. President Bush
has directed NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human
explorers. China's "is not a fly-by-night program," said Joan Johnson-Freese, an
expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation
at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I. "They are not in any hurry. They want
a program that will be a success," Johnson-Freese said. "They are not going to
rush it, because they don't want it to be a budget buster. Economics will be a
big determiner in the speed of their program." China's overtures to join the
U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station have been
thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues, including the Asian
country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that
could pose a security threat. The freeze thawed some after Yang's 2003 mission.
China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to NASA-sponsored
roundtable discussions on Bush's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as
the first step in the exploration of Mars and other-deep space destinations. "We
applaud China's space achievements," NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday.
"We wish them a successful return of their astronauts." He stressed, however,
that NASA would not follow this week's Chinese mission through formal channels.
At present, there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to
discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to
join the space station partnership, Beutel said. The flight of Fei and Nie could
mark the end of the opening chapter in a three-phase Chinese space initiative,
Johnson-Freese said. The first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability
of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when
the two fliers return to Earth. The Chinese program's second phase will include
spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking
techniques. The final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a
longer-duration space lab. At least one expert believes China's intentions might
include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA's
planned lunar return. "The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly," said
John E. Pike, director of the Alexandria, Va.-based GlobalSecurity.org, a small
national security think tank. "There is always the possibility they could jam us
up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said. During the U.S. and
Russian lunar race during the Cold War, NASA scored an early coup by circling
the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays. As it turned
out, the Soviets never made it to the moon. "(China) could be the second country
to do that," Pike said. "They would get in line in front of the Russians. And
they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch." Pike's concern
is based on China's development of a new medium-lift rocket, the Long March V,
and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South
China Sea. The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space
program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from
Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and
returning home. mark.carr...@chron.com 

Email: "righter"<righ...@sonic.net> Groups: alt.animals.rights.promotion,
alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.lion,
alt.animals.tiger, alt.animals.felines.diseases, alt.animals.dog,
alt.animals.horses.breeding, alt.animals.felines.snowleopards 

I'm a member of a local animal rights news, and get regular emails from other
members and the staff. Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific
nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat
the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can
periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt
corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes. The animals eventually
die, which is because these demons are so GREEDY, they want as much of their
"product" as they can get, instead of letting the cats go after a point, as an
act of humanity, mercy, love. Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link
to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created.
It has cat's "Meowing" for the vocals, and you might really find yourself in
those furnaces, feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that
these cats do before they die. Right now, while we're sitting at our computers
enjoying the internet, those innocent, beautiful, loving cats, are dying,
somewhere in this troubled world a slow, agonizing death. The main reason I
wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can
help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust. I am serious about doing something. If I
love cats so much, why aren't I DOING something??? I don't want to appear before
God on judgment day and have to explain why I didn't do anything like this in my
life. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Here's the text of the email: 

Hi there, 

I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom
emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the
author of the email created. Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing,"
I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were
living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want
to do something about this torture. So, if anyone can give me some advice, I'd
sure appreciate it! I think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in
God could say a special prayer for them. I will. I've pasted the email for those
who haven't seen or would like to re-read it. It's also got the website where
the song has been uploaded. I was thinking, that while I'm sitting here,
relaxing and enjoying myself, those poor innocent animals are being cooked to
death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers. And what am I DOING
about it? 

From: Travis Job <t...@sonic.net> Date: Thu, 11 Mar 2004 02:39:27 -0800 To: SPAR
<s...@sonic.net> Subject: Civet Cats, James Rachels + a song 

This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by
"promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly
tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an
abundance of human greed. I'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats,
but to brief those who might not know, I will quote James Rachels, author of
World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights-related books
and articles. (I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer
is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals). The quote is
from an article entitled "Vegetarianism and `The Other Weight Problem'" If
anyone wants the complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which
no meat-eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy. But this is what he
says about civet cats: "As an example, consider the treatment of the civet cat,
a highly intelligent and sociable animal. Civet cats are trapped and placed in
small cages inside darkened sheds, where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by
fires. They are confined in this way until they finally die. What justifies this
extraordinary mistreatment? These animals have the misfortune to produce a
substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume. Musk, which is scraped
from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent
of perfume last a bit longer after each application. (The heat increases their
"production" of musk.) Here Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end;
that end is man"--is applied with a vengeance. To promote one of the most
trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole
lives." This article, and specifically this piece, effected me enough to try to
build a song around the topic. If anyone is interested in listening to this
song, and in offering their opinion, whether it be positive or negative, I'd
appreciate it. But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download,
especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine (28k). The url for
the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3 Although there
are no human vocals/lyrics, I think it's subject matter is audible. Again, if
anyone wants to read Rachels' entire article, let me know. It's also on the net.
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago, but it
was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan. I hope all are
well. Farewell for now... 

Travis Job 

icq uin: 5249025 "Note to Wigner: Do you think your friend could feed my cat?
Heisenberg wasn't sure. Thanks, --Shrodinger" ------------------- .: GO VEGAN :.

MAKE THOUSANDS!!! -- THIS IS NOT A SCAM!!! 

I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the
useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says. All I say is, it works.
Continue pre-fab crap. 

WELL GUESS WHAT!!! 

Within seven days, I started getting money in the mail!! I was shocked!! I
figured it would end soon, but the money just kept coming in. In my first week,
I made about $25.00. By the end of the second week I had made a total of more
than $1000.00!! In the third week I had more than $10,000.00 and it's still
growing!! This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $42,000.00 and
it's still coming rapidly. It's certainly worth $6.00 and six stamps, and I have
spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning!!! Let me tell you how
this works and most important, why it works.......... also make sure you print
this out NOW, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it. I
promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making
more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy!! Suggestion:
Read this entire message carefully!! (Print it out or download it) Follow the
simple directions and watch the money come in!! It's easy. It's legal. And, your
investment is only $6.00 (Plus postage) !!! 

IMPORTANT: 

This is not a rip-off, it is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no risk -
it really works!! If all the following instructions are adhered to, you will
receive extraordinary dividends. PLEASE NOTE: 

Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to
60 days. This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of
the participants. Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the
instructions. You will now become apart of the Mail Order business. You are in
the business of developing Mailing Lists. Many large corporations are happy to
pay big bucks for quality lists. However, the money made from the mailing lists
is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be
included in that list. Here are the four easy steps to success. STEP ONE: 

Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on each piece of paper
"PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST." Now get 6 U.S. $1.00 bills and place ONE
inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through
the envelope (to prevent thievery). Next, place one paper in each of the six
envelopes and seal them. You now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a
piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00
bill. What you are doing is creating a service. 

THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL!!!!! 

You are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it!! Like most of
us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it
all. So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-238-5355) and they
confirmed that it is indeed legal!! Mail the six envelopes to the following
addresses: 

1) G. Burrows 1/264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia 2)S Luest P.O. Box 366
Garden Grove, CA 92842 USA 3) G.V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St, #1 Brooklyn, NY
11222 USA 4)R. Ansems Gen. Foulkesstraat 5 4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands 5)W.
Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31 Columbus, Ohio 43228 STEP TWO:Now take the
#1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up (six becomes 5,
5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add YOUR NAME as number 6 on the list. STEP THREE:
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as
possible. Now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups. : (I think
there are close to 24,000 groups) All you need is 200, but remember, the more
you post, the more money you make!! This is perfectly legal!! If you have any
doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws. Keep a
copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money, you can use it
again, and again. PLEASE REMEMBER that this program remains successful because
of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering
to directions. Look at it this way. If you were of integrity, the program will
continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way.
NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a
computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you. This VERIFIES that you
are truly providing a service. (Also, it might be a good idea to wrap the $1
bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft). So, as each post is
downloaded and the directions carefully followed, all members will be reimbursed
for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each. Your name will
move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the #1 position
you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH!!! What an opportunity for
only $6.00 ( $1.00 for each of the first six people listed above) Send it now,
add your own name to the list and you're in business!!! *****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW
TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!***** 

STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to
the bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the edit menu. This will
copy the entire letter into the computer's memory. STEP TWO: Open a blank
'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page. From the
'edit' menu select 'paste'. This will paste a copy of the letter into the
notepad so that you will add your name to the list. STEP THREE: Save your new
notepad file as a text file. If you want to do your posting in different
settings, you'll always have this file to go back to. STEP FOUR: Visit message
boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this
letter and selecting paste from the edit menu. Fill in the subject, this will be
the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a
particular group, click the post message button. You're done. 

Congratulations!!!!!! 

THAT'S IT!! All you have to do, and It Really works!!! 

Best Wishes 

Blue Planet: Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf? 

By Dan Whipple UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL 

Boulder, CO, Feb. 23 (UPI) -- Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood's grandma and
blew down the houses of two-thirds of the Three Little Pigs, the Big Bad Wolf
has held a persistently bad reputation. In part because of that reputation, the
gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s, except
for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake
Superior. The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park in 1943. Western
sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was
conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job
well done. Their sheep could graze, their cows could ruminate and never a
discouraging word would be heard. 

After the major kill-offs, wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as
legend. Like UFOs or Sasquatch, several people claimed to see fleeting lone
wolves, usually in Yellowstone. In the 1960s, a group shooting a movie in the
Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves, then released them when
their shooting was done. If so, this happy band has not been heard from since. 

Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone
and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a
breeding population. If true, the caper failed. 

Over time, the wolf's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image. Eventually, a
trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its former home
range in the northern Rocky Mountains. This trickle grew into a flood, resulting
in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and
Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still-continuing objections of
ranchers. These wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an estimated 850
wolves roaming the northern Rockies, where merely 10 years ago there were none.
One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone
predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and ecology of a wide
variety of species within its range. Some recent research conducted by Oregon
State University has given considerable credence to this idea. OSU forestry
professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually
promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the
unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that smacks of the
horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding Hood and the
Three Pigs. They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on
young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that
prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility
of soil erosion. Since reintroduction, however, Ripple and Beschta have found,
fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much
time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the
saplings. "All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf
recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue
Planet, "You say, 'wow!' An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now
a sea of willow." This simple change has triggered a veritable ecological
cascade in Yellowstone. More streamside willow and aspen have meant better
habitat for beaver, for instance. Where there had been only one beaver colony in
the park's northern range before the wolves returned, now there are nine. "It
may be uninteresting to a lot of people," Beschta told Blue Planet. "There's a
lot of impact on plants and they say, 'Who cares?' But we've been looking at
streamside communities. Since wolf recovery, streamside plants, willows and
cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian
species, berry-producing shrubs that bears can use. It's important with regard
to the quality of streams. The plants provide shade and root strength for bank
stability. Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems." Yellowstone has a vast
elk herd, one of the largest in the world. Bangs said although the number of elk
has not declined very much since the wolves came back, their behavior appears
markedly different. "I'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations,"
however, he cautioned. "Wolves are still pretty new. They've only been there for
10 years. In 10 more years we'll have a better idea." Wolf reintroduction in the
northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved
to reduce the animal's status from endangered to threatened and, eventually, to
remove it from the endangered species list altogether. Bangs said the agency has
established viable wolf packs in the northern Rockies, as required by federal
regulations. Some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can
move into other states, including Colorado, Utah and Oregon, among others. On
Jan. 31, Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree
with them. He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status. Bangs
said his agency is still reviewing the decision. Regardless of the wolf's legal
status, its future expansion into new areas now seems likely. Wolves can migrate
considerable distances. A Yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a
Colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home. Meanwhile, his
reputation seems to be improving, although Bangs noted a "pretty interesting
social dynamic." There are only about 850 wolves in the West, but there are an
estimated 31,000 mountain lions. Pound for pound, mountain lions eat more game
and more livestock than wolves. They even occasionally attack people, which
wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm. Yet people seem
willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lions, despite the risks. It
remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving
gray wolf. Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to
the official reintroduction? They seem to be just that: rumors. 

True, there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United
States. It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the
wild hoping they would survive -- for instance, a ranger in Glacier Park caught
someone in this very act not long ago. Bangs said these animals are not equipped
to survive in the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died. He
said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have
not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency
released -- or their descendants. -- Blue Planet is a weekly series examining
the relationship of humans to the environment, by veteran environmental reporter
Dan Whipple. E-mail: sciencem...@upi.com 

Climate: Humans fuss, animals adjust 

By Dan Whipple UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL 

Boulder, CO, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Scientists can argue all they want about how many
degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend
portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for
the outcome. They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to
what is happening. It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming
climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions,
and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the
biosphere is acknowledging global warming. Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant
ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold, published a
1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61-year
uninterrupted phenological records. Phenology studies an organism's development
and life cycle -- the pulse of life. Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found
that even prior to 1999, spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks
earlier than in the earlier years of her data. Birds arrived sooner on their
migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier. The Eastern phoebe is
showing up about 20 days before it used to. The forest phlox is blooming in late
April instead of mid-May. Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a
response consistent with warming. In England, the cuckoo returns earlier. An
analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one-third are
laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago. "One of
the major, most well-documented and robust findings in ecology over the past
century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical
distribution of species and ecological communities," concluded a report titled
"Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by
the Pew Center on Global Climate last week. Pew researchers looked at about 40
studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting
biology. "Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between
the biological change and climate change," said Camille Parmesan, a University
of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue.
These changes are occurring across all species, Parmesan told UPI's Climate.
"Across the United States, the northern edge of species' range is expanding,"
she said. Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot
butterfly, which migrates between Mexico and southern California. Some localized
extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat. "Empirical
research pointed to climate as being a strong driver," she said. "There have
been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California
in areas where the habitat is still acceptable." According to Parmesan's earlier
studies, one extinction event, for instance, was triggered when a checkerspot
population migrated north prematurely, relying on a warming temperature signal,
then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat. Throughout the
United States, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier. Tree swallows are
nesting nine days earlier. Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the
Gulf Coast. Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many, many new species coming
up from Mexico and the Caribbean." As the Pew report concluded, "Sufficient
studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are
already detectable within U.S. ecosystems." Such consequences include shifting
and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition
within ecosystems. The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such
as carbon cycling and storage. The Alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched
from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon
from the atmosphere than it releases -- to "being a net source of CO2 (releasing
more carbon than is stored) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant
matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2." The Pew
report coincided with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact
Assessment." The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada,
Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was
begun in 2000. "The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the
Arctic," said ACIA chair Robert Corell. "The Arctic is experiencing some of the
most rapid and severe climate change on Earth. The impacts of climate change on
the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to
come." The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7
degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much
in the next 100 years. Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the
end of the 21st century, the assessment found, with some models predicting
complete disappearance of summer sea ice. "Should the Arctic Ocean become
ice-free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be
driven toward extinction," the report concluded. As with so much climate
research, not everyone agrees with these dire predictions. A third report, "The
Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the
Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously
with the other two, falls somewhat into that category. On the one hand, the IPN
report agreed "Climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in
the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise. This applies especially in
the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with
the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly
increase." On the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for
the North Atlantic fisheries. "The impact of global warming on fish stocks and
fisheries is hard to judge," the IPN report said. "A warming of the magnitude
predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North
Atlantic." The important commercial species that probably would benefit from
warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of
flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster. Important species that
probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some
varieties of flatfish. Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies
examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing
participants in the global warming debate. The IPN report examines commercial
fish species, but it neglects important non-commercial animals, such as seals
and polar bears. In a limited economic sense, therefore, the organization can
argue warming might be a good thing. The problem is whether one cares what
happens to the polar bears, checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables. The
Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument. They assumed a value
-- unspecified -- for non-commercial species, and in doing so rendered the
warming news a bit less rosy. This tug-of-war over calculating economic values
is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans, because animals
and plants can adjust only so much. "When dandelions have set the mark of May on
Wisconsin pastures, it is time to listen for the final proof of spring," wrote
Aldo Leopold in "A Sand County Almanac." "Sit down on a tussock, cock your ears
at the sky, dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings, and soon you may
hear it: the flight of the upland plover, just now back from the Argentine." Or
maybe not. 

-- 

Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate
change. E-mail sciencem...@upi.com 

Preamble from BBC leading to the comments further below. Feel free to cut and
paste and leave your comments, as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut
surrounding the event. ---->===}*{===<---- How has Katrina changed the US? 

What will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt
from the response? Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of
displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans
following a breakdown of law and order. In the world press, commentators predict
that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home
and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they
believe the disaster has revealed. Meanwhile, President George W Bush has said
he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled. How has Katrina
changed the US? Has it altered your life? Has the disaster affected the way
other countries view the US? Send us your comments using the form.
---->===}*{===<---- Some of the better comments: 

"As an American, I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and
Bush Bashers' that I am appalled at the number of 'allies' that are using this
disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions. What you see in New
Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of
socialism that many in this country know is the true problem. You have seen the
pictures. You people think it is race, but it is not. It is the welfare society
that was New Orleans." --Paul, Atlanta, USA 

"I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush-Bashers; "Sorry chaps, but
you did have it coming..." The plain fact is that Bush has a sight more in the
way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors. At least he isn't
using this disaster for cheap political point-scoring." --Mac, Nottingham 

"I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed, even now
the majority want "Gas" despite the fact they are polluting the world more than
any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural
disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of Global Warming, will
change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your
legs, other people in the world do it, "Gas" is not the be all and end all!"
--David, Kent 

<This man has clearly never visited the US. Distances are not what they are in
the old world. Here, cars are absolutely necessary, and he'd have to have one,
too. -Juggernaut> "The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we
are making progress after seven short days. Thank you for your concern, but
Europe is still irrelevant." --John B, Windermere, Florida 

<John can come over to eat at my house anytime. -Juggernaut> It is always
interesting what spin the press will take. Certainly, representation of the US
in other countries will have a certain depiction. I don't believe that folks who
believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from
this recent news. I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a
green card in a lottery. Yes, she and her family were delighted to leave the
communistic remnants in that country. Her husband became a citizen of the US
just the week before last. (Believe it or not, it takes a minimum of 5 years to
apply.) The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of
the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations. Now to the
poverty stricken and the racial issue... You know, I've lived in the Dallas/Fort
Worth Metroplex most of my life. When not in Texas, I lived in LA and San
Francisco. There is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places... and I've
vacationed through the south... visited my folks when they lived in Mississippi,
and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white (less than
20%) in northeastern Arkansas. The fact is, when I began traveling for business
to New England, when I first visited my in-laws in Montana and Idaho, I was
shocked at the lack of racial diversity. I didn't expect to react that way, but
when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua, New Hampshire, and everyone
else looked pretty much like me, it was really very eerie. So, yes, America has
pockets that are more diverse than others. Additionally, reviewing the standings
of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes, you'll find they usually
land near the bottom of a list of 50 states. Unfortunately, those left behind to
be filmed, where those without transportation or means. Some refused to leave,
but so many were unable to. Yes, it's a valid reflection of America - we do have
cities like this. However, New Orleans also had many affluent people, people who
left town early as they had the means. I don't know if this will change other
nation's perceptions of America. I suspect it will not change greatly... but you
never know how much stock people put in the news. I do know that this will
change the face of America. I expect that many of the displaced people (those
affluent and those not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to. The
1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers
across Texas will begin to populate Houston, Dallas, San Antonio and Galveston,
and the surrounding areas. 

Sure, some will return, but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs
and temporary housing, they may be shy about returning. I'm interested in what
America will look like in 5 years. Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming
as some people are offered jobs there? Or will the nearly year-round snow be too
much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives? Will the housing
market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx
of buyers? Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name
due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast? What will the federal
government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market? These are
some of the things I've been wondering... 

Linna 

Response coming soon. Your reply is good and deserves something good in return.
Juggernaut 

Okay, I'm new to this forum and really don't like Bush, so my view point is
slanted and I admit that. I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or
lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the
point? What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New
Orleans. My friend didn't have computer capability, so I spent the day searching
and posting online. The family here (California) wanted to fly any family
members from there to CA, so they could remain here until things got
straightened out down there. The cousins could not be found because no one was
sure of their married names. The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would
see the family post and know that help was available. It is Oct. 6, and not one
family member has been located. What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged
that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation. What I
heard was the Mayor of New Orleans, saying that he didn't order the buses or
anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what
to do. When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo
what have we become? Recently, Bush addressed the nation. About 30 seconds into
his address, he started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time.
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his
mirth down to a barely controlled smirk. Even he can't believe that he is
trotting out this old saw again. I guess if you have a schtick that is a
resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is
going sour. Meanwhile, every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are
shunted off radar yet again. The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for
more money to build more refineries, when what he should do is pour money into
making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together. We have the
technology; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting "FREEDOM" why
not spend those billions making all of us free? Free of polution, free of oil
dependency, and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term
good (theirs). I'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off. In the
meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home
of the brave. 

For those who believe.................... 

Aries in 2005 - Flexibility If you want a motto for 2005, the best one to adopt
would be "go with the flow." 2005 will be a year of ups and downs, and only the
flexible will be able to keep from going crazy! All Aries natives may have to
tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion. You may need
to play it cool and curb your spending. You'll be among the first to seize upon
new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself, as your creativity
will be at an all-time high. You will be more eloquent and persuasive than
usual, and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision. If you want
to start a new creative project or business venture, your imagination will be
working overtime. 2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to
climb even higher. Taurus in 2005 - Tenacity "Diligence" is the key word for
you, Taurus. With hard work and focus, you will attain at least one important
aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time. This is the year you'll
want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you
want to do for the rest of your life. As the year progresses, the more
impressive your ideas and works become. As a result, your finances improve - and
your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life. By the end of
the year, you will have a whole new network of friends and group activity,
stimulating new ideas and taking up your social life a notch or two. Gemini in
2005 - Success Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come
to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these
"lessons" have left in their wake. As 2005 progresses, the road ahead will
become clearer. You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself
that you want. These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity. Your
learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity,
bringing your mind into a whole new space this year. By the end of 2005 you'll
have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential -
and a possible new partnership to top it off! Cancer in 2005 - Balance Finding a
balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year's
strongest challenges. For the most part, your outward life this year will go in
fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome
rest. Enjoy the restful periods when you can. The active ones will be hectic!
You'll be making radical changes in your work habits, but you'll be a lot
happier for it, and in the end you'll know it was worth it. Your love life is
full, and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades into the
background. By the end of 2005, you'll feel more confident, more determined, and
far more capable of making the mountains come to you! Leo in 2005 - Abundance
Pursuing a successful career, along with the usual social and financial
advantages, will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you, Leo!
The most difficult thing might be deciding which path means the most to you, and
where to put your focus. You'll be able to create opportunities for advancement
almost out of thin air. Romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember - and
you'll be the envy of all your friends. Love comes willingly and easily. Money
may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time. Yet, this is no
comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005,
you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness. Virgo in 2005 - Perseverance
Your working life might not go so smoothly this year, Virgo. For much of 2005,
you'll be putting your nose to the grindstone. On the bright side, your finances
will be pretty stable. Just don't take it for granted - you still need to be
cautious this year. Your love life will thrive for most of the year, and any
relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one.
And, you're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak.In spite of a lot of
worry over your career, by the year's end, you'll see that 2005 has filled your
life with prosperity and accomplishments. Libra in 2005 - Expansion Flex your
muscles, friend Libra, and prepare for a relatively easy ride. With beneficent
Jupiter in your sign, this is definitely your year, especially where your social
life is concerned. Happiness and enjoyment lie ahead. If you're not presently
married, and want to be, you just might wed by the end of the year. This is the
year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as
expansion is the theme. The one department of life that may not quite be as
hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and
satisfaction rare. By year's end, you may find yourself seriously considering a
major change - all for the best. Scorpio in 2005 - Transmutation Scorpio, you
can still expect changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this year, almost
to the point of total transformation. While this is most apparent in the area of
your career, you'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life.
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of. You
may also change your residence during the year. Whether you start the year as a
single person looking for a partner, or you've been married for many years,
happiness in love does lie ahead. Be prepared for new horizons. They may not be
familiar, but they will be fascinating. Don't cling to the banks; instead, flow
with the tide in 2005. Sagittarius in 2005 - Empowerment Are you prepared to
handle absolute power? If not, you will be soon! Your ruling planet, Jupiter,
will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called "mutual reception" - in
2005. There's so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary.
You'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny. You'll
find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new
skills that allow you to live more abundantly. By the second half of the year,
you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have
hindered you over the past two years. And, a relationship you begin now will
last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life. Overall, 2005 is sure
to be a year you won't forget. Capricorn in 2005 - Resolution You've got plenty
of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005, friend Capricorn. The long awaited
relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of
the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general.
Financially, it could be a lean year, although some advance planning can help
you weather the storm. Your career opportunities will expand exponentially, and
you're likely to change jobs or positions this year. At times, the pressure on
your job and home life may seem unbearable, but rest assured you will come
through this stronger - and wiser - than ever, as more is revealed and resolved
in 2005. Aquarius in 2005 - Magic 2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and
psychic skills even more, Aquarius. The mysteries of the universe continue to
attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important
decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all
kinds. 2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department,
and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation. Not only
that, but travel, adventure, and personal expansion infuse fresh energy into all
areas of your life. By year's end, your creative decision-making will have
carried you to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from above. Pisces in 2005
- Self-confidence It's a big year for you, friend Pisces. No doubt, in 2005
you'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world. You'll experience
a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends. Expect lots of surprises
and lucky breaks this year, with Uranus bringing the unexpected in your career,
your love life, and the world in general. At some point during the year, you
could pick up a financial windfall, hear of a great career opportunity, or
unexpectedly meet the love of your life. It's important that you take retreats
and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate, as the rate of change in your
personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable. Remain calm and
confident, and love is very likely to flourish in 2005. "Expect the unexpected,"
and enjoy the ride! "Success comes before work" only in the dictionary Mayur ?
<> 

Get Mails Everyday <> Share Your Mails <mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com>
mayur...@yahoo.com SMS Me... 09819602175 Talk to me
<ymsgr:sendIM?mayursha&__Hi+Mayur...> [send offline as well ]
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1 1K Download 

------------------------------------------------------------- The mysterious
RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter
RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06) [ ]
---------------------------------------------------------------------- Like
William Shakspere RAPHAEL (the painter) died on his April birthday Laura &
Bridget's day:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
ARCHILOCHUS solar eclipse: April 6, 648 BC Friday 

Koran descends to Earth: April 6, 610 AD Monday CLEMENT's St.Methodius dies:
April 6, 884 Monday Petrarch meets LAURA: April 6, 1327 Monday DURER dies: April
6, 1528 Monday BRIDGET Vere's birth: April 6, 1584 Monday Sir Francis Walsingham
dies: April 6, 1590 Monday "native of Crete" EL GRECO dies: April 7, 1614 Monday
{LUCIO: Does BRIDGET PAINT still, Pompey, ha? [MfM Act 3, Sc. 2]} 

LAURA dies of plague: April 6, 1348 Sunday RAPHAEL born: April 6, 1483 Sunday 

RAPHAEL dies: April 6, 1520 Good Friday Thomas Hobbes' birth: April 5, 1588 Good
Friday Start of _The SOUND & the FURY_: April 6, 1928 Good Friday Kent
EARTHQUAKE: April 6, 1580 Wednesday Historian John Stow dies: April 6, 1605
Sat/Wed. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<< Upon the sixth of April, Alexander the Great was born. Upon the same day he
conquered Darius, won a great victory at sea, & died the same day. Neither was
this day less fortunate to his father Philip; for on the same day he took
Potidea; >> - JOHN AUBREY, F.R.S.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- ANTONIO
PEREZ 1535-1611 [Philip II's renegade Secretary of State] 

<<In "Love's Labour's Lost" we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of
affection and bombast. A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593
and became acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he
seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the
Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in
Court circles. In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of
"RAPHAEL PEREGRINO." In the play Holofernes is ridiculing Don Adriana "the
traveler from Spain" and says of him: "He is too picked, too spruce, too
affected, Too odd, as it were, too PEREGRINate, as I may call it." -Act 5, Scene
1. 

To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable, Sir Nathaniel replies "a
most singular & choice epithet," and at once enters it in his note book. This
parody on PEREZ' sobriquet clearly identifies PEREZ with Armatho.>>
---------------------------------------------------------------- Shakespeare
Electronic Conference, Vol. 6, No. 0832. Monday, 23 October 1995. From: Martin
Green <MGr...@usa.pipeline.com> Date: Sunday, 22 Oct 1995 10:57:32 -0400
Subject: Re: Facts, Purpose of List, Italy, Jews 

<<There were no Jews in England to speak of in the 1590's. True, but two in
England that we know of were a part of the Essex entourage: Dr. Lopez, who had
been physician to Essex' step-father, the Earl of Leicester, had apparently
treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and Antonio
Perez, who was a guest at Essex House in the early 1590's. To be sure, both
Lopez & Perez were conversos--but they were thought of in England as being, as
they undoubtedly were, at least ethnically, Jews.>>
--------------------------------------------------------------------- <<Doctor
RODERIGO LOPEZ (1525 -1594) was the Portugese Jewish doctor accused by Essex of
trying to poison Queen Elizabeth. The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and
was summarily hung and quartered on June 7, 1594 at Tyburn. Long before
(September 1560) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley
and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart
(stating that she had "accidentally" fallen down the stairs). That same year
(1560) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess
tournament in Rome. Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del
Juego del Acedraz" became THE classic on Chess openings, including the one that
bears his name.
------------------------------------------------------------------- Chess
history 1530-1647 [ ] 1530 LOPEZ, Ruy b. in Zafra, Spain. Spanish priest &
leading player. 1533 Atahualpa, inca emperor of peru, imprisoned & learns chess.
1542 LEONARDO, Giovanni (a.k.a. Il Puttino/the Boy) born in Calaria. 1550
Valdiviesco, Don Antonio de, Bishop of Nicaragua, assassinated while playing
chess in his palace at Leon. 1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess. 1555 Castling is
introduced. 1560 Ruy Lopez visits Rome and defeats all the players. 1561 Last
time castling was 2 separate moves. 1561 Ruy Lopez proposes the 50-move rule to
claim a draw. 1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess. Introduces the word
gambit. (Alcala, 1561) 1562 St Teresa, a Spanish reformer, includes chess in her
writings. 1570 Gianutto della Mantia, Horatio born in Italy. Author of Italian
chess book. 1572 Ruy Lopez defeats several eminent players in Rome. 1574 Boi and
Leonardo beat Lopez & Ceron in presence of Phillip II. 1575 Leonardo beats Ruy
Lopez in Madrid. 1575 After the Plague of Cremona, all games except chess were
banned. 1576 Boi taken prisoner, but wins his freedom playing chess. 1580
Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player. 1580 Ruy lopez died. 1584
Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess. 1584 Lopez's book
translated into Italian by Tarsia and published in Venice.
---------------------------------------------------------------------- <<"I have
told you, friend," said the curate, "that this is done to divert our idle
thoughts; and as in well-ordered states games of CHESS, fives, and billiards are
allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are
unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the
supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as
to take any of them for true stories;>> <<"Well then," said Don Quixote, "the
same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play
emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought
into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips
them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal
in the grave." "A fine comparison!" said Sancho; "though not so new but that I
have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of
CHESS; how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office,
and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken
together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the
grave." "Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day, Sancho," said
Don Quixote. "Ay," said Sancho; "it must be that some of your worship's
shrewdness sticks to me; land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to
yield good fruit if you dung it and till it>>
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Of all
Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etc. . . Garibaldi's
is the most blatantly Masonic: Nostromo A Tale of the Seaboard 

<<After having written so far, Don Martin Decoud, the exotic dandy of the
Parisian boulevard, got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one
end of the Albergo of United Italy, kept by Giorgio Viola, the old companion of
Garibaldi. The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look
dimly, in the light of one candle, at the man with no faith in anything except
the truth of his own sensations. Looking out of the window, Decoud was met by a
darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town,
nor yet the buildings near the harbour; and there was not a sound, as if the
tremendous obscurity of the Placid Gulf, spreading from the waters over the
land, had made it dumb as well as blind. . . .He turned away. He could bear no
longer that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of
impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss. . . . and uneasy in its
corporate expression, was overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez, soft
and white, with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if
in a dense cloud.>>
------------------------------------------------------------------ Wisteria
Lodge 

<<He could do little during the day, for Murillo took every precaution and never
went out save with his satellite Lucas, or Lopez as he was known in the days of
his greatness. At night, however, he slept alone, and the avenger might find
him. On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent my friend final
instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his
room. I was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white
light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if
the attempt had better be postponed. "But everything went wrong with us. In some
way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary. He crept up behind me
and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note. He and his master dragged me
to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress. Then and there
they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape
the consequences of the deed. Finally, after much debate, they concluded that my
murder was too dangerous. But they determined to get rid forever of Garcia. They
had gagged me, and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address. I
swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to
Garcia. Lopez addressed the note which I had written, sealed it with his
sleeve-link, and sent it by the hand of the servant, Jose. How they murdered him
I do not know, save that it was Murillo's hand who struck him down, for Lopez
had remained to guard me. I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes
through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed. At first they
were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar;
but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity
would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks.
With the death of Garcia, the pursuit might cease, since such a death might
frighten others from the task.>>
------------------------------------------------------ Art Neuendorffer 

The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties (6, number of the Beast). It came
from Liverpool, that was the port base to the Titanic, destroyed by God because
of the arrogant insult of captain Smith (also from Liverpool): "Not even God can
sink my ship" (not only the captain, but also the rest of the crew and even the
orchestra playing at the Titanic were from Liverpool). The Rock revolution came
from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room
or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that
of George Martin, ally of the Beatles). It came from the nation whose king
Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this
way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and
subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six
fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)...once again 6, number of the Beast.... It
is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed "the Devil's Island". As
the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation, the center of London, the
so well-known Piccadilly Circus, takes it's name from an old brothel (the
"Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadays. The
antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family,
social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind, did hit
Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) in the head with a club
repeatedly in Hamburg. Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage
because of John Lennon's bruises. John Lennon entered stardom being a murderer.
The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship"
spoke from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic)
saying: "Christianity is on the go. It will vanish and shrink. We are more
popular than Jesus and Pope"....That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the
world of Rock. One week after that declaration, ONLY ONE WEEK LATER, Brian
Epstein, forger of the Beatle farce, died from an overdose. From then on, the
Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the
world. John Lennon's divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of
black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the "Rosemary's baby" had
been filmed, previous property of Roman Polansky, and in that same apartment
John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black
magic operations. Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which
has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and
incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9". At the
same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the
devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of
the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet
of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin.
Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy writing lyrics such as "God
is a concept by which we measure our pain...I don't believe in Jesus, etc.,
etc.," (God) and "and no religions too..." (Imagine). Antichrist John Lennon
wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make
a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel
proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist
who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when
he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are
going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon
carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the
interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon
remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming
"whatever is up there" for it (referring to God). The CURSE OF GOD carried on
until he was shot dead. It is interesting to notice that he was shot seven
times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah
tradition.... After George Harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his
studio at Henley on Thames: "I want to talk about the divinity of man", he was
given throat cancer by GOD because of those words, which made metastasis and
carried on to final death.. To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person
toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded
in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the
road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD
provided cancer to the wife. The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda
(woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that
Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom
McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents,
while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda". At the same time McCartney was
going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to
his waning popularity. Paul was going out with Heather, but in front of the
audience he played the faithful husband's masquerade pretending to suffer for
Linda, for the afore mentioned promotional ends. Paul admitted that he made
Linda suffer a lot, but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a
man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his
age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much. The
early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and
his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the
band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of
virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let
it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing
every effort he could to be seen as a man.... It is easy to note the uneasiness
of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in
front of Yoko in the film. (He already had the traumas that his previous
girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little
manliness and effeminate manners). Paul has such a big inferiority complex as a
man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed
homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so
that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him
feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda did. This is
something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore....He
is very conscious that money and fame cannot buy virility and manliness. Besides
being a murderer, John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian
Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern, trauma
from which he never recovered. Because of the trauma that his homosexual
relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear
a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and
gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore
Texan boots to feel more secure as a man". The Beatles are very well known by
people close to them for their arrogance and racism. One of the manifestations
of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono. That rejection got
to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during
the filming of Let it Be. When John asked George while they were having lunch
about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and
George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade, John said in a
despective manner: "ah!!.. in Sweden..", as if Sweden was an inferior place or
something alike. In the Beatles' song "Get Back" they advise black Joe to "get
back to where you once belonged", as if England was not a place for black
people. Sometimes back, Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new
generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people, but in any way they would
have also been slaves of the Beatles. The Jewish marriage living to the right of
George's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a
greeting. The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance
of George's house (Friar Park) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay
away from. The receptionist of "Hand made", the former film making company of
George Harrison said: "we don't have any relation with that man anymore and we
don't want to know anything about him". It is interesting to note that this
company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism
and pedantry of George Harrison, who believed that the cinema industry would
have worshiped him. Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves
hated each other. Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing. George
Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon....
George Harrison said in a video that "Oasis is a very untalented band and they
shouldn't be playing at all", all of it being the truth, but the Beatles is also
a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple
of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis. The Beatles of
the times of the "Cavern" sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little
musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin. Without
George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as
Oasis.... Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he
does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE
OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his Satanism
and involvement in black magic. He thinks he will deceive people in this way, so
that the real McCartney will not be perceived. Is the old Devil attempting to
disguise as good in front of people. Satan deceiving mankind once again, as so
many other thousands of times through the centuries.... After the Devil began
his devastating job from the ghostly "Devil's Island" through his nine main
puppets (Beatles-Rolling Stones), he possessed an endless amount of other
schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island and weakening their
conscience with drugs, he made them proclaimers of homosexuality, aversion to
religion, destruction of family values, dissipation, mental illness,
antisocialism, etc., etc., The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the
Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real
quality musicians could achieve, was because the forces of Satan were behind
everything, supporting the process. This mentally ill humanity, destroyed
families, twisted moral values, manifest or repressed homosexuality in human
beings, anti natural feminism rebellion, drug addiction, corrupt social
outlines, mad youths without direction, non respect to hierarchies, convulsed
nations, misanthropy, misogyny, paedophilia, irrational and feeble
lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations, are due to the vast
manoeuvre that Satan executed through his main marionettes the Beatles and the
Rolling Stones, from the Devil's Island. If you wonder why there is misery and
curse in your house, it is because you own some L.P, CD or another article
related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones. We recommend you to
take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the
Devil's main nine puppets.... You have been warned... 

THE HIGH COURT. (The Five Judges) 

For the sake of mankind, you should email our verdict to your friends. 

Email: yamwhatiyam <pop...@spinach.eat> Groups: alt.consumers, ba.consumers,
misc.consumers, misc.consumers.frugal-living 

Attack on Iran: A Looming Folly By William Rivers Pitt t r u t h o u t |
Perspective 

Monday 09 January 2006 

The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush
administration is planning an attack on Iran. "The Bush administration is
preparing its NATO allies for a possible military strike against suspected
nuclear sites in Iran in the New Year, according to German media reports,
reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the Turkish media," reported UPI on
December 30th. "The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week," continued UPI,
"quoted 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been
informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of
bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military options. This 'all
options are open' line has been President George W Bush's publicly stated policy
throughout the past 18 months." An examination of the ramifications of such an
attack is desperately in order. 1. Blowback in Iraq 

The recent elections in Iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously
fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme
Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI). Both Dawa and SCIRI have
umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go
back decades. In essence, Iran now owns a significant portion of the Iraqi
government. Should the United States undertake military action against Iran, the
ramifications in Iraq would be immediate and extreme. In the first eight days of
January, eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq, compounded by another
twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday. Much of the
violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that
have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little
political power in the government. If the US attacks Iran, it is probable that
American forces - already taxed by attacks from Sunni factions - will also face
reprisal attacks in Iraq from Shi'ite factions loyal to Iran. The result will be
a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required
to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find
themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into
power. Iraq, already a seething cauldron, will sink further into chaos. 2.
Iran's Armaments 

Unlike Iraq, Iran has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional
forces worn down by grueling sanctions, repeated attacks, and two American-led
wars. While Iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the
Iran-Iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last
war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless.
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International
Studies in December of 2004, Iran "has some 540,000 men under arms and over
350,000 reserves. They include 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for
land and naval asymmetrical warfare. Iran's military also includes holdings of
1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery
weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface
combatants, and 10 amphibious ships." "Iran is now the only regional military
power that poses a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability,"
continued the CSIS report. "Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric
warfare, and poses the additional threat of proliferation. There is considerable
evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of
weapons of mass destruction. It has never properly declared its holdings of
chemical weapons, and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown."
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports, "Due to its position astride the
Persian Gulf, Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf. The so called
'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations
seeking to transport oil out of the region. Even the small navy that Iran puts
to sea is capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat
operations against oil well heads in the Gulf during that period made it clear
small asymmetrical tactics of the Iranian Navy could be quite effective." "More
concerning," continued the MILNET brief, "is the priority placed on expanding
and modernizing its Navy. The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has
funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise
missiles: 'Iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft
from China, midget submarines from North Korea, submarines from Russia, and
modern mines.'" It is Iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern
for American forces in the Gulf, especially for the US Navy. Iran's coast facing
the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval
forces arrayed in those waters. The Gulf itself only has one exit, the Strait of
Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline. In
essence, Iran holds the high ground in the Gulf. Missile batteries arrayed in
those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below. Of all
the missiles in Iran's armament, the most dangerous is the Russian-made SS-N-22
Sunburn. These missiles are, simply, the fastest anti-ship weapons on the
planet. The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude. Its maximum low-altitude
speed is Mach 2.2, some three times faster than the American-made Harpoon. The
Sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range. The missile's
manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer, and five
missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship. The Sunburn is also superior to the
Exocet missile. Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to
shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors. The Stark could not see them to stop them.
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian
Gulf, with some 7,000 souls aboard. Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa
Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and
the USS Pearl Harbor. The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf. The
Sunburn missile, with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection,
would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf
after an American attack within its borders. Beyond the naval threat is the
possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in
Iraq. Currently, the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding
small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombs. The vaunted American
military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this
form of warfare. The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that
has lasted more than a thousand days. If Iran decides to throw any or all of its
23,000 armored fighting vehicles, along with any or all of its nearly
million-strong army, into the Iraq fray, the situation in the Middle East could
become unspeakably dire. 3. The Syrian Connection 

In February of 2005, Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to
combat "challenges and threats" in the region. This was a specific reaction to
the American invasion of Iraq, and a reaction to America's condemnation of Syria
after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, which was widely seen
as an assassination ordered from Damascus. An attack on Iran would trigger this
mutual defense pact, and could conceivably bring Syria into direct conflict with
American forces. Like Iran, Syria's military is nothing to scoff at. Virtually
every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in
the Middle East after Israel. Damascus has been intent for years upon
establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to
Israel's overwhelming capabilities. As of 2002, Syria had some 215,000 soldiers
under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capability. The Syrian Air
Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter
squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft. Syria also possesses one of the
largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of
SCUD-derived systems. Iran, North Korea and China have been willing providers of
state-of-the-art technologies. Compounding this is the well-based suspicion that
Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian
Gulf. 4. China and the US Economy 

While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos, missiles in the Gulf,
and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran, all pale in comparison
to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagement. China's economy is
exploding, hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to
fuel their industry. In the last several months, China has inked deals with Iran
for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gas. China will
purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30
years, will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran, and will receive
150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field. China is seeking the
construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link
with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China. Any US attack on
Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health.
Further, any fighting in the Persian Gulf would imperil the tankers running
China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz. Should China decide
to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran,
the US would be faced with a significant threat. This threat exists not merely
on a military level, though China could force a confrontation in the Pacific by
way of Taiwan. More significantly, China holds a large portion of the American
economy in the palm of its hand. Paul Craig Roberts, writing for The American
Conservative, said in July of 2005 that "As a result of many years of persistent
trade surpluses with the United States, the Japanese government holds dollar
reserves of approximately $1 trillion. China's accumulation of dollars is
approximately $600 billion. South Korea holds about $200 billion. These sums
give these countries enormous leverage over the United States. By dumping some
portion of their reserves, these countries could put the dollar under intense
pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing. Washington would really have
to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action, but in a showdown with China -
over Taiwan, for example - China holds the cards. China and Japan, and the world
at large, have more dollar reserves than they require. They would have no
problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose." "The
hardest blow on Americans," concluded Roberts, "will fall when China does
revalue its currency. When China's currency ceases to be undervalued, American
shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in
China, will think they are in Neiman Marcus. Price increases will cause a
dramatic reduction in American real incomes. If this coincides with rising
interest rates and a setback in the housing market, American consumers will
experience the hardest times since the Great Depression." In short, China has
the American economy by the throat. Should they decide to squeeze, we will all
feel it. China's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm; China
is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and could veto any
actions against Iran proposed by the United States. 5. American Preparedness 

American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can
overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield. The rapid victory during the
first Gulf War cemented this perception. The last three years of the Iraq
occupation, however, have sapped this confidence. Worse, the occupation has done
great damage to the strength of the American military, justifying the decrease
in confidence. Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan,
recruiting is at an all-time low. Soldiers with vital training and know-how are
refusing to re-enlist. Across the board, the American military is stretched to
the breaking point. Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the
other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and
put a price tag on the Iraq occupation. According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and
Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University, the final cost of the
Iraq occupation will run between $1 trillion and $2 trillion, surpassing by
orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the Bush administration. If an
engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq, and comes to involve Syria,
our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries
simultaneously. Add to this the economic threat posed by China, and the economic
threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast
petroleum to the globe. If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments,
missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to
engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq, our troops there will be
fish in a barrel. Iran's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and
air support from carriers a dangerous affair. In the worst-case scenario, the
newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to
rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play, hurling the entire
planet into military and diplomatic bedlam. Conclusion: Is Any of This Possible?

The question must be put as directly as possible: what manner of maniac would
undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe? It is
difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the
United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq, Iran, Syria and
China simultaneously. Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the
development of nuclear weapons, but even this justification has been tossed into
a cocked hat. Recently, Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that
Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful
energy creation, and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor.
Therefore, any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the
mess. Iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe. The dangers
implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset
whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror." Unfortunately,
all the dangers in the world are no match for the self-assurance of a
bubble-encased zealot. What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous
course? Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. George W. Bush and his
administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of
action in order to garner political power on the home front. Recall the multiple
terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news
appeared in the media. More significantly, recall Iraq. Karl Rove, Bush's most
senior advisor, notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002
midterms to "run on the war." The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political
cover for the GOP not only during those midterms, but during the 2004
Presidential election. What kind of political cover would be gained from an
attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack? The answer
lies in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramoff. The Abramoff scandal threatens to
subsume all the hard-fought GOP gains in Congress, and the 2006 midterms are
less than a year away. Is any of this a probability? Logic says no, but logic
seldom plays any part in modern American politics. All arguments that the Bush
administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration
for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth. They did it once
already in Iraq. 

By Graydon Carter (excepted from "What We've Lost", published by Little Brown)
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species
list each year between 1991 and 2000. 0 - Number of endangered species
voluntarily added by the Bush administration since taking office. 408 - Number
of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global-warming trend continues.
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water,
pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech. His father was
the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without
mentioning the environment. 1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming
in the EPA's 600-page "Draft Report on the Environment" presented in 2003. 68 -
Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto
Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per
cent below 1990 levels by 2012. The United States was to cut its level by 7 per
cent. 1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas
emissions. 

25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States
is responsible for. 

53 - Number of days after taking office that Bush reneged on his campaign
promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants. 14 - Percentage
carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own
global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels). 5 -
Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be
further studied before substantive action could be taken. $44m- Amount the
Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in
contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries. 200
- Number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in
Bush's first three years in office. 31 - Number of Bush administration
appointees who are alumni of the energy industry (includes four cabinet
secretaries, the six most powerful White House officials, and more than 20 other
high-level appointees). 50= Approximate number of policy changes and regulation
rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush
administration on Fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for
news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience. 50
- Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement actions
against polluters under Bush's watch. 34 - Percentage decline in criminal
penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office. 50 - Percentage
decline in civil penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office.
$6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting
economic analyses of proposed regulations. $3.7m - Amount the EPA valued each
human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush
administration. 62 - Number of members of Cheney's 63-person Energy Task Force
with ties to corporate energy interests. 0 - Number of environmentalists asked
to attend Cheney's Energy Task Force meetings. 6 - Number of months before 11
September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves. 2 -
Percentage of the world's population that is British. 

2 - Percentage of the world's oil used by Britain. 

5 - Percentage of the world's population that is American. 

25 - Percentage of the world's oil used by America. 

63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high. 

24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush's Clear
Skies initiative. 300 - Number of Clean Water Act violations by the
mountaintop-mining industry in 2003. 750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US
military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year.
$3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995,
the Year "polluter pays" fees expired. $0 - Amount of uncommitted dollars in the
Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 2003. 270 - Estimated number of
court decisions citing federal Negligence in endangered-species protection that
remained unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration. 100 -
Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to
ignore indefinitely. 50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now
suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health
insurance. 78 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung
ailments. 

88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear, nose, or
throat problems. 22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than
the levels in Libby, Montana, where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst
Superfund disasters in US history. 1 - Number of Bush administration public
statements on National security issued between 20 January 2001 and 10 September
2001 that mentioned al-Qa'ida. 104 - Number of Bush administration public
statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned
Iraq or Saddam Hussein. 101 - Number of Bush administration public statements on
National security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence.
65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and
defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction. 0 -
Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union
addresses. 73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in
his three State of the Union addresses. 83 - Number of times Bush mentioned
Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union
addresses. $1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in
College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador
to the United States and Bush family friend. 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned
Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses. 1,700- Percentage
increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in
the United States. 79 - Percentage of the 11 September hijackers who came from
Saudi Arabia. 

3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special
US-Saudi "Visa Express" programme. 140 - Number of Saudis, including members of
the Bin Laden family, evacuated from United States almost immediately after 11
September. 14 - Number of Immigration and Naturalisation Service (INS) agents
assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the United States from
countries where al-Qa'ida is active. $3m - Amount the White House was willing to
grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks. $0 - Amount
approved by George Bush to hire more INS special agents. 

$10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget. 

$50m - Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space
shuttle crash. $5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study
legalised gambling. 

7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and
mid-October 2002 for being gay. George Bush: Military man 

1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National
Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year obligation was up. $3,500 - Reward a
group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama
guard service. 600-700 - Number of guardsmen who were in Bush's unit during that
period. 

0 - Number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about
Bush's guard service. 0 - Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President
Dick Cheney, the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence
Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board,
Richard Perle, and the White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main
proponents of the war in Iraq -served in combat (combined). 0 - Number of
principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have
immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq. 8 - Number of members of
the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the
military. 10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier
who had called the President "a joke" in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper.
46 - Percentage increase in sales between 2001 and 2002 of GI Joe figures
(children's toys). Ambitious warrior 

2 - Number of Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken over since coming
into office. 130 - Approximate Number of countries (out of a total of 191
recognised by the United Nations) with a US military presence. 43 - Percentage
of the entire world's military spending that the US spends on defence. (That was
in 2002, the year before the invasion of Iraq.) 

$401.3b - Proposed military budget for 2004. 

Saviour of Iraq 

1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld, Ronald Reagan's special envoy to the
Middle East, gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift. 2.5 - Number
of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11
September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq. 237 - Minimum number
of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials
between 2002 and January 2004, according to the California Representative Henry
Waxman. 10m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21
February 2003, in opposition to the invasion of Iraq, the largest simultaneous
protest in world history. $2b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence
in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003. $4b - Actual monthly cost of
the US military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in
2004. $15m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement
factory in Iraq. $80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's
confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the
American firm from starting it. 2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO
of Halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in Iraq". $4.7b
- Total value of contracts awarded to Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan. $680m
- Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel. 

$2.8b - Value of Bechtel Corp contracts in Iraq. 

$120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004
fiscal year. 35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended
military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans
immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court. 92 -
Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002. 60 -
Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003. 55 -
Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war. 

80 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who are unemployed a Year after the war.

0 - Number of American combat deaths in Germany after the Nazi surrender in May
1945. 37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat
operations "officially" ended. 

0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush
administration has permitted to be photographed. 0 - Number of memorial services
for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war. A
soldier's best friend 

40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still
without Interceptor vests, designed to stop a round from an AK-47. $60m -
Estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with Interceptor vests. 62 -
Percentage of gas masks that army investigators discovered did Not work properly
in autumn 2002. 90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a
biological weapons attack found to be defective. 87 - Percentage of Humvees in
Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK-47 rounds and protecting
against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003. Making the country
safer 

$3.29- Average amount allocated per person Nationwide in the first round of
homeland security grants. $94.40 - Amount allocated per person for homeland
security in American Samoa. 

$36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming,
Vice-President Cheney's home state. $17 - Amount allocated per person in New
York state. 

$5.87 - Amount allocated per person in New York City. 

$77.92 - Amount allocated per person in New Haven, Connecticut, home of Yale
University, Bush's alma mater. 76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US
Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal
homeland security assistance for their first-response units. 5 - Number of major
US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security
Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically. 22,600
- Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month.
5 - Estimated Percentage of US air cargo that is screened, including cargo
transported on passenger planes. 95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in
the United States by sea. 

2 - Percentage of those goods subjected to thorough inspection. 

$5.5b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade. 

$0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003. 

$46m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005. 

15,000 - Number of major chemical facilities in the United States. 

100 - Number of US chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the
lives of more than one million people. 0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines
against "priority pathogens" listed by the Centres for Disease Control that have
been developed and introduced since 11 September 2001. Giving a hand up to the
advantaged 

$10.9m - Average wealth of the members of Bush's original 16-person cabinet. 

75 - Percentage of Americans unaffected by Bush's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital
gains and dividends taxes. $42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet
received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes. 10 -
Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush
has named to important positions (including the Associate Attorney General
Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson). 79 - Number of Bush's initial
189 appointees who also served in his father's administration. A man with a lot
of friends 

$113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a
record. $11.5m - Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme, the
controversial fund-raising process created for the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign.
(Participants pledged to raise at least $100,000 by bundling together cheques of
up to $1,000 from friends and family. Pioneers were assigned numbers, which were
included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how
much.) George Bush: Money manager 

4.7m - Number of bankruptcies that were declared during Bush's first three years
in office. 2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the
1970s. 

$489b - The US trade deficit in 2003, the worst in history for a single year. 

$5.6t - Projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when Bush
took office in 2001. 

$7.22t - US national debt by mid-2004. 

George Bush: Tax cutter 

87 - Percentage of American families in April 2004 who say they have felt no
benefit from Bush's tax cuts. 39 - Percentage of tax cuts that will go to the
top 1 per cent of American families when fully phased in. 49 - Percentage of
Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since
Bush took office. 88 - Percentage of American families who will save less than
$100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and
dividends taxes. $30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003. 

Employment tsar 

9.3m - Number of US unemployed in April 2004. 

2.3m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the
Bush administration. 

22m - Number of jobs gained during Clinton's eight years in office. 

Friend of the poor 

34.6m - Number of Americans living below the poverty line (1 in 8 of the
population). 6.8m - Number of people in the workforce but still classified as
poor. 

35m - Number of Americans that the government defines as "food insecure," in
other words, hungry. $300m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides
subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes. 40 - Percentage of
wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population. 18
- Percentage of wealth in Britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the
population. George Bush And his special friend 

$60b - Loss to Enron stockholders, following the largest bankruptcy in US
history. $205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits
over a four-year period. $101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares
just before the company went bankrupt. $59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign
reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign. 30
- Length of time in months between Enron's collapse and Lay (whom the President
called "Kenny Boy") still not being charged with a crime. George Bush: Lawman 

15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases
while governor of Texas. 46 - Percentage of Republican federal judges when Bush
came to office. 

57 - Percentage of Republican federal judges after three years of the Bush
administration. 33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in
Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes. The Civil libertarian 

680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United States admits are
detained at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. 42 - Number of nationalities of those
detainees at Guantanamo. 

22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear
surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo. 32 -
Number of confirmed suicide attempts by Guantanamo Bay prisoners. 

24 - Number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in
Guantanamo's new mental ward. A health-conscious president 

43.6m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 (more
than 15 per cent of the population). 2.4m - Number of Americans who lost their
health insurance during Bush's first year in office. Image booster for the US 

2,500- Number of public-diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to
further the image of the US abroad in 1991. 1,200 - Number of public-diplomacy
officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004. 4-
Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats
to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study (Israel, Iran, and
North Korea were considered more dangerous; Iraq was considered less dangerous).
$66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in
1949. $23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy
in 2002. 85- Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the
United States in 2003. Second-party endorsements 

90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job
as president on 26 September 2001. 67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of
the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002. 54 -
Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as
president on 30 September, 2003. 50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of
the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003. 49 -
Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as
president in May 2004. More like the French than he would care to admit 

28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest
vacation of any president in US history. (Record holder Richard Nixon.) 

13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year. 

28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6
August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike
US Targets." 500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away
from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in
Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004. No fool when it comes to
the press 

11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which
Bush referred to questions as being "trick" ones. Factors in his favor 

3 - Number of companies that control the US voting technology market. 

52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were
recorded by Election Systems & Software, the largest voting-technology firm, a
big Republican donor. 29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer
voting machines that don't produce a paper record. 17 - On 17 November 2001, The
Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected
in 2000. $113m- Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign, the most in
American electoral history. $185m - Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2004
re-election campaign, to the end of March 2004. $200m - Amount that the
Bush-Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004. 268 Number of
Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Pioneer status (by raising $100,000
each) as of March 2004. 187 - Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned
Ranger status (by raising $200,000 each) as of March 2004. $64.2m - The Amount
Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004. 85 -
Percentage of Americans who can't Name the Chief Justice of the United States.
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House's claims in September
2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks. 34
- Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam's "weapons of
mass destruction" had been found. 22- Percentage of Americans who believed in
May 2003 that Saddam had used his WMDs on US forces. 85 - Percentage of American
young adults who cannot find Afghanistan, Iraq, or Israel on a map. 30 -
Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the Pacific Ocean on a map.
75 - Percentage of American young adults who don't know the population of the
United States. 53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who don't know the
population of the United States. 11 - Percentage of American young adults who
cannot find the United States on a map. 30 - Percentage of Americans who believe
that "politics and government are too complicated to understand." Another factor
in his favor 

70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who
accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the
direct word of God. 23m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000. 

50m- Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000. 

46 - Percentage of voters who describe themselves as born-again Christians. 

5 - Number of states that do not use the word "evolution" in public school
science courses. 

My dad just doesn't understand? 

Ugh my dad is so stupid... he just doesn't understand anything! I have 5 sisters
and so including my mom... he is the only guy in a house of six females. Now I'm
the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's
a good thing? He's always like "ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours,
I wish I had mine!" and he isn't even joking. I think just living in a house
with so many girls is making him go crazy? 

Yep, the females are just getting to him... dads.. 

Don't blame him please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all
of you to look after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something. I am
sorry for him, he is a good dad 

Equine collages uk NEED HELP!!!? 

Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 (degrees or
foundation degrees) in either: Horse behaviour/training or Equine psychology 

No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work
experience. Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course) do HND in equine
management. Your best bet is to look on UCAS and do a course search. 

Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey. Moreton Morrell in Coventry, Warwickshire
Hartpury College (I think that is the name, but if you type it in it should come
up with an alternative suggestion), in Gloucestershire. 

Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you
want to do. They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that
do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply. 

Besides from Pacquiao, what else is The Philipines famous for? 

Cheap hookers 

You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people
knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just
because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i
dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those
undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene. In fact
Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not
filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot
of the country.They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not
there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs, as they
are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs 

Being the texting capital of the world. 

Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student? 

I've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part
of my course..if you know about Limerick, what are the pros and cons? and would
you recommend it as a student? 

The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross
still go there. 

Limerick's a great student city, there's loads on, you'll be spoilt for choice.
In fact, you probably won't ever want to leave. 

Orla got it in one. Although there is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of
limerick, but nowhere near the university. Limerick is such a full city,
shopping, night life, career choices, social choices, I came here about 12 years
ago for college.....and Orla got it spot on, I haven't left, nor would I. Its
now my home. 

My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install. Can that be fixed? 

I really like the MIUI, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod. 

not by the company... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms you
are best to either recover to the standard ROM, or find one that doesn't crash.

cynangon mod should work. Have you tried using clockwork recovery? Get the older
version of Cynagon mod. Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and
baked snake. Those roms focus on speed and stability. Or you could just use a
home screen launcher replacement. I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher.
They are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit. As a mytouch 4g
owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
Hope you read through this. 

are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place? and how big are
they? 

im 33. ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all...i can see the
penines in the far distance from my bedroom window. when i watched werewolf in
london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors. can
anyone give me information about them? 

They can be bleak and eerie, often very exposed, often covered with antiquities
like bronze age burial mounds, stone circles and settlements--until late in the
bronze age they were rich farmlands,then a change in the climate caused the
skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil.The people
abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became
moorland. They can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and
they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers. 

I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope?

My appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope. She seems to lope one stride
and trot the next and repeat... How could I work with her to get off her four
hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly?? 

Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step, it's in the feeling
when you feel her think trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to
keep her moving. If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can
figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant. 

Lope her to the left in circles, keep her head to the inside of the circle and
push her but out, keep doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger
circle, till she can get enough balance to go small and small.circles 

my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...? 

hi everyone....just hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera..wel,i
always wanted 2 hav one by sony..but anyways,ended up having olympus X940 from
my dad.......does any1 already has it?how has ur experience with it?is it a gud
option for casual/formal functions photography?????wht abt its picture
quality???is it comparable to sony products or not?? it has 14 mega pixel
camera...n 4xwide optical zoom... ur answers and reviews wud be highly
appreciated.......thanks!!!!!!! 

Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of
special effects. It is def worth more than the price. I am VERY satisfied. A
good camera for the plain point and shoot. 

My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in English. Get your
English in order before writing here again please. 

dead pixel of my photos? 

just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering why if i zoom my picture
zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead pixel...is there something
wrong with my camera body?lens?or what? please help me..and what should i do to
fix this problem?or it is normal? 

Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor? Put the camera on manual focus and set
focus to infinity Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens
using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of
stops You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing
in focus Cure is to get the sensor cleaned 

There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them,
most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long
exposures. Chris 

New Zealand skilled migrant visa? 

If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have
to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you
take up other work if you can't find something in your own field. I have posted
this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.??? 

Watch out the poles are coming.....my little butterfly 

That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar 

It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa. Your visa should say
whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector. If your visa
does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in
any sector. It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are
currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get
your skilled migrant visa. 

In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget? 

Downtown Chicago, Loop, North 

Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right. Walk 2 blocks then turn right
again. Walk 2 more blocks then cross the street. You will get to a place called
"BIG BOWL". THAI FOOD AND ASIAN. BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! 

McDonalds 

Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what
time you go. A lunch will be less expensive than a dinner. You can order
appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner. But the best
way is to use coupons. Check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants
you can look at the menu and check out prices. Yo also may want to try "small
neighborhood" restaurants and support family run places rather than the large
corporate chains. Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also
employ local people that live and shop in the area. 

Is there any cure for mouse poison? 

I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house, and since I was
able to catch it very easily (normally mice move at the speed of light), and
since it was acting unresponsive, I thought it was infected with mouse poison,
since my friend uses it. I know that the mouse will probably die, but I was
wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison? I just hate to see the poor
dears experience a slow painful death that way :( . Without knowing the exact
poison, no. A common one is arsenic and there really isn't a way to cure that.
Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to
sleep. Or, you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since
that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals. 

A quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it's head. 

Crayola Air- Dry Clay? 

Ok. So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one
of them is my best friend. She loves giraffes and homemade things! I am very
artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture. I don't have
much money so I bought Crayola Air-Dry Clay. I have sculpted the giraffe laying
down. The key is...I have a few problems: 1. I tested it out by making a figure
boat And after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile! (like VERY not in a
good way) Is there any way to strengthen it? 2. What kind of paint do I use to
paint the giraffe? 3. Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it
in a kiln? 

air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you
can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint 

taking young cat with me for a week out of state? good idea? 

i have a 3-4 month old kitten and i live in forida. i am going to my grandmas in
north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia. My cat is a
outside cat but she loves it inside. she is also good in a carrier. Should i
bring her? if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside? thanks 

We took our cat Mitten camping. He loved it. But he was an inside/outside cat
(only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats). He was trained to a
harness/leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside. If your
cat is not trained to use the litter pan, you may have a problem taking her. 

NO! changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get
depressed, mean, sick, or will not want to be around you. 

What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet? 

What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie. Would pledge be ok? If not,
what is? 

Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they don't require cleaner. If
you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your
parakeet in is well ventilated. I have had parakeets for a VERY long time, and I
use pledge. Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate. 

I agree w the answer from Nothing. Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is
barely damp w water will work fine. Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is
excellent. I use Miracle Cloth, they're fantastic, just don't use fabric
softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their "grabbing" ability.
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361
If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or
potentially injure the bird. 

RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really
stupid...? 

I didn't get to read the answers lol :( I'm not gonna say who, they are on now.
I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha LOL Callum nononononono
its definitely not you. no Its not any of you lol i emailed you saaaaaam. I
don't know. how did you know. 

it's not me is it!? I'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I'm
not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D: 

iguzwhat lol whoooooo? 

sorry but i can't help my stupidity =( EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum
but doesn't deny it's me....i think we all know who she's talking about... EDIT:
now i'm curious... EDIT: How did I know... lol they really aren't that much
worse than me and their gpa was better than mine.... 

can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go
dongle init? 

i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just
use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work
like normall?thanks people 

Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere. And
every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL. There
won't be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital. But word
of advice if you're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a
not something like DELL, Acer, Asus, eMachines etc. just a heads up. 

yes of course you can.... I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK
that use them here 

If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go
:) hope that answered your question. 

How do I take care of my newborn baby fish? 

I am nervous that my other fish will eat them, and I don't know what to feed
them! I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon
tank. You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the
bigger fish (also the parents) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting
eaten. Feed the babies 3-4 times a day with flakes. 

Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc in the tank. Its natural
for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank
would be very overcrowded. Look in the pet stores for "fry food" or "baby fish
foods". 

what kind of newborn fish you have? some parents would not eat there fish till a
certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they
mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes 

I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly! Please HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If
you can? TEN POINTS!!!!!!!!!!? 

Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now. & I wanna know what
food has the game pieces. And what food has EXTRA game pieces. Because Large
Fries give you FOUR PIECES! When most of the food or drinks I got only included
two! So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces,
and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD! PLEASE!!!!!! The person
who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be
REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!!! PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D

scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/Main/Gameboard 

4 Peels: - 20 piece Chicken McNuggets - Large fries 2 Peels: - Big Mac - 10
piece Chicken McNuggets - Medium Fountain Drink - McCAFE Drink - Filet-O-Fish -
Hash Browns - Egg McMuffin, Sausage - Fruit & Maple Oatmeal 

bearded dragon spikes? 

bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on
their side and face area ever go hard. or are they just supposed to look like
they are so nothing will try to eat them 

becca is right . iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the
time.. they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft. they use
them to look prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know
i wouldnt. they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a
lil if ur holding them to tight :) Theyre not really hard. Beardies are actually
quite delicate. I'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will
puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies. 

they dont hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them. They just are there
as an adaptation. 

what is a kimberwick bit used for? 

Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting
and doing cross country. It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some
horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues.
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the
modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins. The lower the
reins, the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action
on the poll too. Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the
ability to handle two reins independently. 

For horses that are strong pullers. 

It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure. It's nice for horses that
need a little more than a snaffle. I know that's vague, but it depends on the
horse. The rider needs to have independent hands as well, because you do NOT
want to pull too hard on a bit like that. ;) 

How long to save up for a canon t3i? 

I want to save up for a canon t3i, around 750-800 + :( I'm currently 12 and I
get about 20 dollars a week for lunch, sometimes a bit more, I plan to save 10
dollars every week :) My birthday is in november and I get about .... 150 or
more since i hate my dads family.. haha Chinese new year ~ 300 christmas ~ 100
and yeaa... Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the
canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money? :O 

Hey, Be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing :) There's a Canon EOS
T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen. It's around $100
less, which means you get the same camera but quicker! Here's a DSLR Buying
Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/ 

Don't worry about it. If you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out
how to use a DSLR camera properly. 

hey kido u made me smile 

does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air? 

its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing.... 

took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris
and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in
fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do
sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to
add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding
plaster "mud" Plaster of Paris does two things - it chemically sets - gets warm
to hot then cools down and hard and - it dries out, losing the water that is
soaked into the set structure For example, a set plaster mold that is to be used
for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the
slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPROJ 

Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night? 

I'm getting a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she
said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her
sleep But i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my room is
right next door to hers But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all
what would be the price of it? 

I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to
pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part
that is making the noise . That might work 

Super Pet Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel Our Price: $10.99 to 12.99 PETSMART!
works well lasts long. 

I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it - he makes so much
MORE noise, as he plays and digs and jumps (seriously) wheels are relatively
noiseless - a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored
pet! 

Change of boarding station? 

How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back
from counter? My origin Station is Howrah, but I want to board at Asansol.. 

Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah? If yes, you don't need
to change it because you board later. If no, you'll have to go to one of the
train stations. In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they
speak English very well. I don't remember near which station it is though. They
can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big
ones? Even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal
Reservation Office of any big train station. This is where you can get AND
change express train tickets. 

well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the
actual boarding point, then the TC will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to
others. so better inquire in railway office 

Contact the Indian railways.You might end up as a no show passenger. 

petsmart application? 

my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high
in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had
drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a mormon and i hvae
changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing
to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a
doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me
because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've
been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama Jeez, work
on your spelling and punctuation. It makes a huge difference. No one's going to
hire you if you can't even spell, especially if you're a high school graduate.
Cover letters and resumes need to be perfect. No one's going to take you
seriously if they're full of typos and whatnot. 

Sorry, I would put that application in the round file. 

Nope 

Canadian student visa, can I used for other schools? 

I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada, I received one that is valid
until October of 2015. Problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer
than it should, thus I missed school this semester (visa was issued to me about
25 days after school started so I couldn't attend), now I no longer want to go
into that school (because they only would accept me again on September of 2012),
I found a school that accepted me for may 2012, can I use the same visa that was
issued to me? or do I need to reapply ? (in the visa itself, it does not mention
anything about which school I m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy
here in DC are not too nice and would never answer ANY questions....) any advice
please? 

Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada,
and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them. So best
advice is to go to the C&IC website and click "contact us" -
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp 

How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage? 

Im getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping
and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT!!! would it help getting
an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it a
wheel 

I've never had a dwarf hamster but I've had the same problem with my pet rat I
put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it can't
out. 

Yes I've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they
flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the
door so yes a plastic cage will be good 

Hi This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from:
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986 I
love this cage, it's easy to clean, very spacious and fun for the hamster
Aquiriums are good also, but provide a mesh top for an easy airway. Wire cages
are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really, unless the bars have less than half a cm
between them. regards and have fun with your hammy Rachel 

Travelers guide - For the young and unknowledgeable? 

I am 17 years old. I do not get along with my family. I dislike this urban
society and want to leave this whole enviroment. I am very unhappy here. I don't
know the best way of doing it. Would it be best for me to finish college? wait
for 18th birthday? I live in London. I want to go travelling. My parents do not
like me, They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I
turn 18. I don't particularly want to stay with them atm either. But right now
its the most convenient thing to do. Anyway Advice for travelling. What is the
best way of doing it? Hotels for travelling will be expensive. anybody is open
to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience. I want
to go all over :) I don't have a set route yet. 

Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket. Wool is best. Light
,warm, but also itchy. Hit the road. You can always beg for spare change when
you get hungry. Should get some survival skills before setting out on your own.

Vietnamese girl's name, Mayko? 

I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name. The Canadian Regenesis
actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name? Right, I
couldn't find any proven source for that. And her last name, Nguyen is a typical
Vietnamese family name...anyone? 

Certainly, Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam, only in
Vietnam. Mayko is relating to the Japanese. In Vietnam, when a baby was born,
they must be named "first name" according to that of their fathers. It's
principle except a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not
to have father. E.g. Full name of the father is: "Nguyen Thanh Luan" ===> Full
name of the son/daughter certainly is " Nguyen..........", for instance, "Nguyen
Thi Thuy Lan". But if the babies were born in American so they would named in
other way but still remain "First name" in order to recall about their
origination. 

I'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese. 

She is a Canadian born Vietnamese. I'm not sure where her first name is from...

I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line? 

I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one
of the phones and the filter, I'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have
disconnected the other phone without one. Why is it stil doing this even though
I don't have the other phone connected? Woud it be better if I got another
filter and connected the other phone as well? 

turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there... could be static on the
line... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT
the DSL.... if the trouble goes away with the modem off, then make sure that
EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered, this would include the alarm system,
fax machine, satellite boxes, phones, etc... if everything is filtered, and you
still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there, try
doubling up on the filters... 

You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home
filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects.

Best way to change 35mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about? 

I've modified my Holga 120 to take 35mm film and I know that you can't wind the
film back, you have to open the back of the camera (in a darkroom) to rewind the
film. What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are
traveling? Do you just take a changing bag with you? Whats the easiest thing? 

Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution. It's light proof and makes
sure you get no problems when opening the camera. You can work comfortably and
make sure your film is not scratched etc. It's really difficult to find a place
that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside. A changing
bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag. 

A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field.
Many online stores carry them, like Adorama: http://www.adorama.com/BLCBS.html I
have a few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube
channel: http://bit.ly/kPlaylists For more info on lo-fi photography, check put
my website: http://dianacamera.com 

Should the statue of David be censored? 

I'ma sophomore in highschool doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher
is making us censor the Statue of David. My argument is it's art and therefore
should not be censored he's making us censor it who's right 

no,it's only a body of a young man 

the city of florence did at one time in the past put clothes on the statue 

An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro got fired because
she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for
each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw "nudes" in the
museum. You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly
naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins
that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display? No, it was
guys. Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her
job. Let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults
in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish
ignoramus because you want to keep your job. 

Better Steakhouse in Philadelphia? 

I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree
that we want a good steak. We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia
so I wanted something close. I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu
to menu... I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the
decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments. I
have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be
most welcome. It's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del
Friscos. Thanks in advance for the advice. Sidenote... I am familiar with the
Capital Grille, Barclay Prime, The Palm, The Prime Rib, Mortons, Ruth Chris',
etc. I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be
more my wife and my own taste. Please only reviews on the three I mentioned
earlier. Many thanks. 

I am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth Chris. I have never eaten at the ones
you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has. I hope you get your answer.
Anyway, have a lovely first anniversary! 

HAMSTERS - will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom ? 

in his cage in the bathroom ? or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?
thanks d 

If space is minimal, or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other
pets, then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there. There are
some things to consider though... Rodents require special bedding in their cages
to absorb their waste, and this needs to be cleaned regularly, or your hamster
could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine. When you
take a warm shower and build up steam, his cage will collect water, the bedding
will absorb much of it, and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it
should. You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways
he may have. You also don't want it getting too warm for him too often. Overall,
it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you
take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it. 

It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing. I would
personally put him somewhere else. 

What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea? 

I'm planning my trip to Asia and S.Korea is one of the destinations. What place
or town would be most interesting to visit for european? 

Go to Jeju island! It's so much fun over there, and I'm positive that you'll
love it! :) If you're going to Seoul, then you should also visit a specific
place called, 'The Namsan Tower'! It's a really huge place over there, and so
many visitors/foreigners went to put chains and locks over there! It's so much
fun! Also, don't forget to try out Korea's famous amusement parks!: Lotte World,
Everland, and Carribbean Bay! Everyone loves it! ^_^ Lotte World:
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-X_e2uwT6wPw/Tkj_7UVTw6I/AAAAAAAAAGs/e_hICAdYPYI/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
( It's indoors and outdoors!) Everland Resort:
http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
(it's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland!)
Carribbean Bay: http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
(An outside water park!) Namsan tower:
http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg Hoped I helped!
^_^ Have fun in Korea~ 

an island called jejudo/jeju island its really amazing there, itll blow your
mind it's almost like paradise there 

I found an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?) what do I feed it? 

I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so I'm
currently taking care of it. It's pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, I
don't know what type of bird it is, probably a dove? What should I feed it? Is
normal bird food fine? (Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the
bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food
I might find at any pet shop? (petco, petsmart) ..... thanks! 

Doves are a species of pigeon ,they are Seed eaters, they do not eat bread,or
worms. make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it. as they can drink
a lot. 

there's these little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe . its jacks aquarium and
pets I believe. ? anyways I feed them to my road sometimes. like a little
container. or buy small bait worms. that should work 

If you have a pet store near buy some wheat,pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed
will do,but do not feed bread. 

how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse? 

i have two options using the metro or the air france bus can anybody tell me if
the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse? if not what transfers should i
get on? ty 

On the RER/Metro: In the airport, follow the signs that say "Paris by train".
Buy a ticket for Paris. This will get you on the RER B line going into town.
Stay on it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" station. Change there to the
Metro 4 line going toward "Porte d'Orleans". Get off at the "Montparnasse
Bienvenue" station. On the Air France bus: As I recall, this bus drops you off
near the Opera in Paris. You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down
to Montparnasse. On the bus: Get on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves". Buy a
ticket from the driver. Stay on the bus until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stop.
On the Metro: Get in the Metro at Opera. Take the 8 line toward "Balard" until
the "Invalides" station. Change there to the 13 line toward "Chatillon
Montrouge" and take it until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station. 

What are good B&W software's Photography? 

What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing? I use GIMP
and Its not cutting it, looks terrible. Here's one of my shots in B&W
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/ Any
programs that you use please list :) Thx 

You could also try this in gimp. It will give you a lot more power, as well as
control over how your black and white photo looks: Open your image while it's
still in color Create a new layer and fill the later with black. Set the layer
mode to "color" this will make your image blak and white. Click colors>>>levels
and adjust each channel's color values. This will adjust the brightness and
darkness of specific parts of an image. For more information on the theory
behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial:
http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video
tutorial:
http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
Hope this helps. 

Picasa is free and pretty good. But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if your
on a macbook theres aperture :) 

depends what you want from "B&W"... many programs will use a generic B&W... try
something like photoscape which has different options... 

cheapest plastic surgeons in Thailand? 

I want to go to thailand to do my boob job from South Africa but looking for the
cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a humans body . 

Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an
operation. Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the
skills you are looking for. . Do you really want to put your faith in some
clinic doctor. I know I wouldn't. You need to check with one of the major
hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee
Hospital. Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or
maybe the cheapest parachute too? Sometimes the "cheap" comes expensive! When
you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks and
cuts that cause other problems too! If they screw up you could be in worse shape
than you are now! Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do
have their problems from time to time. Maybe having an experienced doctor might
be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced!
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba

The cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons are at Yanhee Hospitals. They do
outstanding work. Check the link for a sampling of prices. 

my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can.? 

When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat
lay. I must through it away . Why? 

If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand
this. I've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food. When you read
the label its easy to understand why. I've had cats for 35 years and I only feed
them dry food. They have done very well and like the dry food better. It had
better nutritional value and its also less expensive. Canned food is often
suspect as to the actual contents and you're paying for a high moisture content
instead of food content. There are a lot of good quality dry cat foods. Read the
labels for contents. Your cat will adjust quickly. You'll also have less
spoilage. 

He might be sick take him to the vet to see 

If he always does this, welcome to the club. My oldest female and youngest male
do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like
chicken liver (cooked) for the anemic one, some arthritis stuff for the oldest.
Even if you mash it with a spoon he can't do that, 

Whats your favorite part about trail riding? 

My favorite part is going up hill and cantering :) 

I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is, not how
talented he is. If you took some Olympic-level horses on a trail ride, they just
couldn't do it. They would be too scared and spooky. It doesn't matter how
graceful your horse is, or how high he can jump, or how well he does a sliding
stop. What matters is how well trained he is, and how good your bond it. That is
another reason why I like competitive trail riding also. Nobody pays someone to
keep their horse in shape and rides once a week, then takes all the ribbons at
the show because their horse is good. YOU have to spend the time training. And I
have not met one stuck-up trail rider! Those are just a few reasons why I love
trail riding, competitive or not. 

Same, when I'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget
everything. 

Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and
personal. I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer.
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched.
Fascinating. 

10 gallon nano reef ideas? 

I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live
carribean sand. I am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this
size. I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024. I have a 10 gallon
filter on it. I also have a powerhead, getting another soon. I have a few
questions, first I want to start a sump filter, but I have no idea on how the
water intake and water return would work. How would I need to set a sump for
this 10 gallon? Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment? thanks 

Unless the tank has a built in overflow box (which I'm certain it doesn't) then
you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install
a sump. The piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box. On the
other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts
the water back into your tank. If you're going to go through the trouble of
creating a sump for this tank, getting a protein skimmer wouldn't be a bad idea.
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it's an in-tank design
that could easily sit in your sump. 

NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet? 

From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing. Some of the major
differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor
that the NOOK Tablet boasts. Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed
compared to the Color? I don't want an iPad or Kindle. I just want an e-reader
that does a little bit more than just read. Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire
but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty
dollars? Or just purchase the Color? 

Well I recently bought the Nook Color, and I have to say that I am very happy
with it. It is like a mini tablet itself! When I found out them came up with the
Nook Tablet, I was pretty disappointed though, because I bought my Nook color
for the same darn price! So I say you should go for the more updated Nook
Tablet. I'm pretty sure it'll be worth it. Have fun! 

Judging by Nook Tablet's processor it's supposed to be quite faster! Basically
Nook Tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a
microphone. http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet 

eReader Tablet Comparison; B&N Nook Tablet, B&N Nook Color, Kindle Fire, HTC
Flyer
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html

Pubs in Philadelphia? 

Hey there, I'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow
for his birthday. He's pretty much an "I love American Food, good drinks on
occasion, laid back." kind of guy. ;) I want to take him somewhere where there's
going to be awesome burgers/american food, atmosphere (preferably a tavern/pub
style would be nice), good service, and all around a great time. =) I'm looking
for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's. We
just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I'm not an expert
on the area. A little help is always great. =) Thank you or your feed back. 

Oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time. Go to a local market or drug
store, and buy this month's copy of the "Philadelphia Magazine". It is all about
this very subject ... bars and food. It lists places all over the city and
suburbs. Wishing your husband a happy birthday! 

If you're looking for a good burger, some great fries (they are too die for!),
and good drinks, go to Chickie & Pete's! Oh my gosh, they are great! If you go,
make sure you order the crab fries, you won't regret it :) 

How to start a new fish tank? 

I'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to
properly set it up. I'm still a beginner. Any and all suggestions on what I need
to do and buy will help. Thanks. 

When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside (with plain water) then you
wash the gravel (with only water too) take out all the stuff that is floating on
top. Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur bettas delicate fins.
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water. Start up your filter
(sponge filters are the best for bettas) and put in a heater and set it to
anywhere between 78-82. Wait about 2 weeks or 3 and test your water. If
everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home. Lights are
optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is
not nessasary since they get air from the surface. 

ask the people selling you the fish how you should set it up,they would know 

Add aquasafe with the water you put in it. Make sure the temperature is good. Do
not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank. Everything
else should be good. Make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one
another. 

Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang? 

I would like to learn how 

I see youre still recovering from the accident. You appear to be feeling better
though. That's good. :) only in comic books and sci-fi tv shows/movies... :D 

1 Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on
your wang. While they are extremely accurate, laser sights do not operate well
when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target.
Therefore, you must learn to shoot manually. 2 Mount laser sights on away by
removing the hand grip. Laser grips are the most common for wangs. The laser is
made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on. Remove your
fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip. You
have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions. 3
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs. Newer
semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft. This
rail is used for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devices. 4
Prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang. You have two screws
that attach the sight to the wang. Tighten these screws securely. Flip the
switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner
manual that comes with the laser sight. 

3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night? 

I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his/her mother does not stay
with him in the nest at night. I have to mention that i recently separated the
father into another cage close to the 'nest cage' because he and the mother were
fighting. He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always
would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were
the baby was too. I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him. She
feeds well the baby on her own, the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest
to stay with him at night... What is the problem? Is this a transitional period
for the baby...that he/she is left alone much more time? I have to say that the
baby does not scream after her of anything...he/she sleeps. 

Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual. When the
male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he can't produce
milk. 

It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm. If the
baby is feathered yet - which I'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine. Just
remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby. Ignore the
answer above me, btw! ^_^ 

Can I text from Canada to the united states? 

Ok maybe that isn't the right question, but my question is can you text from a
united states number when your in canada, can you send texts to another united
states number? And do you get charged for it? Im sorry if I couldn't say the
question right. I hope somebody understands what I mean 

In short Yes. However not in all cases. If your (US) provider has a deal with a
canadian wireless company, you texts and calls will go through. They will,
however, cost a bunch. The only way to know for sure is to call 611, or your
cell phone help line, and ask. The phones and networks are compatible, so the
only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone
company.. 

Yes you can, but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international
plan. 

Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a U$ number. Thi$ $ervice will co$t. It
varie$ company to company. You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip
to Canada. Is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only
understand text. Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection. $ometime$ it
is hard to explain that you are making an INTERNATIONAL call and all of the
phone companie$involved what $ome of your money. Hope you unde$tood the me$$age
I do have an "S" key on my computer. 

I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!? 

Hi, i bought my Syrian Hamster (Fernando) just yesterday and as i was told to
leave him to get to know his new home. As i asked in the previous questions he
was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is
panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now. So now i wanted to bouild up
relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand, i
moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube. Why, how can i build up
realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he
wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ??? Please help im worried about
him !!! Thanks. 

CHILL OUT! Firstly, your hammie was not stressed out, he wanted attention.
Secondly, that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night. Thirdly,
just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their. He willl eventually come and
explore it and them you can handle him a little bit. Hope I helped! 

Give him time. You only got him yesterday. He's probably still scared and
unsure. Once he has properly settled down, got use to the new smells and noises
he will be fine. Once he is more comfy with his surroundings, then you can start
handling him and getting to know each other more. But just give him time for
now. 

Is Fujairah a nice place to live in? 

My family and I are planning to shift to Fujairah in a couple of years. So I
just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways. Also
that, I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai, is it
true? I'd be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to Fujairah
or lives there. :) 

I LIVE THERE! ... Ive been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that
it is developing in a good way. I think 2012 is going to be a great year for
Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects to be done by 2012. Things to do in
Fujairah.. Its between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between
mountains! ... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you
can do for fun. And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in
45 minutes only! So, no it is not as good as Dubai, but its quieter and more
peaceful, and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins. please let me know if you
need anything else 

Visited Fujairah when in Dubai. Nothing like Dubai, and never will be! Don't
know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't
want to end up like them! Unless you have a particular skill they need - and
firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it! 

Are there any new Gaming console? 

I don't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect. Or even N-DS or PSP. I'm a little
afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out.( Same for N-DS
and PSP) 

Wii U has been announced as well as the PS4 however the PS4 is only in
development while the Wii U should be out next year. Microsoft has not announced
there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works. 

No matter when you buy you will get a newer version. I feel X-BOX is a very
smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very compatible to previous versions
and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and the
JOYSTICK....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort. XBOX
Joys are soo comfyy.....Performance - You get the same in all, just get a good
TV. 

I don't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has
said they don't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime.
Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so
they don't plan on making another one for a while. I do know they have already
announced a new wii though and I don't know what Sony has said about playstation
but again, if you get an Xbox (which I personally think is the best anyways) you
should be set for a while. 

What is the typical lifespan of a cat? 

My cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill. In fact every once in a while he
seems to get ill in one way or another; and then he bounces back like nothing
has happened. I did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live,
however different sources give wildly different lifespans. My cat is 18 years
old. In your experience how long do cats do cats typically live? Is he on his
last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as
is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at? 

from my experience with my cats 13-18 years depending on the breed. 

At 18 years, your cat has had a long life. Indoor cats that are well cared for
typically live 11-15 years. Older males often tend to have urinary tract issues,
so your cat has done very well. Male cats very seldom live past 14-15 years.
Stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare. Ive had cats for 35 years
and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was
exceptional. By comparison, outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3-7 years
depending on how many predators are in the local environment. According to a
couple sources, the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon, England
who reportedly live to the age of 36. 

I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21. Anything after 12 is a bonus. 

Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust...? 

I thought that I had gained my cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me
when I open his cage. What do I do? 

Did anything happen before losing his trust? Birds are hard to gain trust with,
but it's lost so easily! A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being
afraid of you. Eating by his cage and keeping a "sleep cage" in your room is a
good idea. Birds eat and sleep with their flock, not predators. Keep his cage
open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come out to
you. Let him go at his own pace, don't rush with him, and never ever resort to
physical violence with your bird. This with ruin your bond, and you probably
won't have another chance to build one. Patience is the key. =) he might never
be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly bond. But then
again he could be! 

dat bird is smart. like my dogs, they really like me and trust me, but when I
open the door to get them outside, they run from me, they know I'm going to take
them outside and they don't like it. the bird must know that when you open the
cage door it means that you will put him in the cage, and birds don't usually
like cages. so, I don't think the bird don't trust you, but still don't like the
cage. 

How to make a breyer horse stable? 

Hi im a big fan of breyer horses! My breyers need stables or barns
though.....and I need directions and materials on how to make them. I would like
maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit.
And I need to know where to buy the materials. Please make this as simple as you
can for my dad doesnt really not that good. Pictures would help! NOTE:If i see a
answer that i love i will make my best right there and then 

Breyer horse , miniature/ model replica sketch out floor plan, estimate size,
draw front view, side view, and 3d orthographic perspective views, figure out
how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and width
of horse, measure size for platform, draw lines and mark sections, measure out
wall sections and height, there are many small details, that you would have to
work on as you go for doors and windows and roof, check hobby shops and craft
shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want
carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together,
miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and
pre-cut 2by4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger
pieces, http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/HorseStable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/Craft-Supplies/Woodworking%20Supplies/ .. 

How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays? 

I have a kitten who just turned 3 months today. He's a good kitty, just when he
plays he bites REALLY hard. Almost every day he'd even wake me up like 5am in
the morning, trying to bite my arm. And when I move it I guess he figures I'm
playing. x.x I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together, and keep
it that way til he panics. That seems cruel to me though. Any other way?? Do you
think he's teething? It's getting out of hand. Yeah, I thought that the holding
his mouth thing sounded wrong. No worries, i didn't try. He does have toys, a
scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc. He'd just
randomly walk up to you and start the biting. When i put him off of my bed, he
jumps back on and same thing. 

he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped. maybe buy him toys that
he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up 

yes do not hold any animals mouth shut it wil close their air way, hes just a
kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys. lots of them, feather ones
work best, also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed, to
show him that you will not tolerate that, he will get it, hes also probably
teething, so toys are your best bet 

Which rat cage is better? 

Hi, I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage. (Apart from the wire
flooring which i am going to cover) Which of these two cages is better:
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
I cant decide between height or width. 

http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
This one is better for rats. You always want to go higher rather than wider for
rats. They LOVE to climb. You will have to cover the wire flooring like you
said, and make fleece covers for the stairs, so no ratty feet get caught and
broken. This cage will hold about 2 - 3 rats. 

Both are equal length so go for the taller one. If you use this cage it's best
to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like.
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it wasn't that great to be
honest, pretty cheaply made, the door springs are annoying and it doesn't last
very well. Here are some better options IMO:
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
These are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the
names you may be able to find one second hand...better paying for a second hand
one in good condition than a poorly made new one IMO. 

The First One Is much Better! I Have This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay
User. Its Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats, But
I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :) 

is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake? 

i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for
my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side. im not worried
about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the
surface anyway. from my understanding, if its heated from the bottom, my snake
risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass
over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the
substrate, but it has better heat distribution if its from the side i dont have
to worry about propping it up, but the snake can still burn itself if it
slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute
heat as well? what are your suggestions and opinons? 

i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes. they will move if they get too
warm-it's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs. i usually
put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine. i have over 40
corns, kings, and milks and have never had a problem with the UTH system. on the
side is a waste-leave it on the bottom. good luck! 

Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it
like newspaper... I now use a 75watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems
to like it 

put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have
dinner 

What are good places to eat brunch at? ? 

My bday is Saturday :) and I wanna have breakfast/lunch with my fam. I was gonna
have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower
so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny's and ihop. Oh and btw I
live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx
^_^ 

I would strongly suggest "The Breakfast Club" in Chicago. You can definately
plan on a great meal with reasonable prices. Don't be in a hurry though. Just
relax and enjoy. They have fabulous French toast too. The Breakfast Club & Grill
is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway. There is
always plenty of parking on the street or in our private lot. If you'd rather
dine at home, simply call in your order with our take-out service. Plenty of
parking on the weekends..during the week please park in the little lot across
the street. Directions from the Kennedy: Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy. Go
three lights down and take a right onto Ogden. Continue two blocks to Hubbard
and take another right. We're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble. The Breakfast
Club & Grill 1381 W. Hubbard Chicago, IL 60622 312-666-2372 Tel Email Us Hours
of Operation: Monday thru Friday 6:30am - 8:00pm Saturday & Sunday 7:00am -
5:00pm Happy Hour Monday thru Friday 4:00pm - 6:00pm $4 appetizers $4 wine $3
Coronas & Heineken 

Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this
again in the L.A. section. 

Question about the sinking of the Titanic? 

After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships
would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking? If
yes, was Canada involved in this act/law? Sorry, I'm just very nervous after
watching the movie. 

SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty, came
about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic. Today, it is the primary safety
law affecting virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration. If you
ever go on a cruise ship, you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill
(lifeboat drill) within 24 hours of sailing. Most ships perform this drill
before even leaving the dock. SOLAS covers just about every aspect of safety at
sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats,
navigation practices, fire protection, and so on. We are much safer today on
board ship due to SOLAS, and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic
tragedy, the adoption of SOLAS is probably it. http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
-------------------------------------------------- Edit: Also I forgot to
mention earlier, most (if not all) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills
weekly, and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into
the water as part of their drill when you are in port. This not only ensures the
lifeboats are operational and will work if needed, but makes the crew proficient
at launching them. 

I don't think so 

Don't worry. When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking? 100 years
ago? 

What are some fun things I could do while in Japan? 

I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things
I could do? I'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be
anything. Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for.
How is the night life in Naha? Are there any good venues that showcase
underground bands, or just a venue at all? It doesn't have to be underground it
could be any type of music. Thanks 

The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach. Otherwise, you can do
what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc. Or you can
visit temples or shrines in Okinawa. 

Well first you can try speaking Japanese. Go to a sumo tournament. Eat at a
conveyor-belt sushi restaurant. Climb Mount Fuji. 

Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan, although of course there are
similarities. The main thing people do there is go to the beach. There's the
market in Naha, which is great. You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a
really delicious, fresh sashimi/sushi lunch upstairs. Try the local sake too if
you can. It's a special kind. I'm not sure that there's much nightlife in Naha.
It's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc. You might have to
make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya (pub) somewhere. Your best bet
would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the
chapter on Okinawa. Naha's not a very big city. 

Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version? 

I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model, and in the game it's
3-shot burst. My brother said they only had full-auto and semiautomatic during
Vietnam. My questions are.. 1) what thes difference between a modern m16 and
Vietnam m16? 2) did Vietnam m16's have a 3-shot burst function? 

To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M-16s
being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older (dirtier) type of gunpowder
meant for use with the M-14. He also ordered that the receiver not get a (I
think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming. Than the troops
being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning, which it wasn't. As a
result there was a problem with the weapon jamming. Once the troops started
cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M-16
turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for. The
screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and
McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the
military. Today's weapons do not have that kind of problem, and are much more
reliable. 

1) modern m16 is alright. Vietnam m16 used to clog up and never work. 2) All
M16's are either automatic or semi automatic. No one uses 3 burst. you play too
much cod ;P 

modern m16 is best 

Planning on going to New Zealand in January. Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch
since the Earthquakes? 

Are the hotels back up and running? Are there still aftershocks? Planning on
going to North and South Island. Is it safe to go to Rotarua, since the
earthquakes? 

Rotorua is fine. I'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake,
don't worry, it was very deep, so nothing was effected :) As for Christchurch,
yes the aftershocks are still happening, but these are fairly small - you can
feel them, but the don't do any damage. Since lots of people are still living
there, then it must be fine to visit. However the CBD is closed of to the public
as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and hasn't been cleared away yet. I'm
sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area,
but if not then there would be some in close by towns. Despite the aftershocks I
would recommend going to Christchurch, just for the experience and then you can
see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes. Have fun in New Zealand!!
(ps. I'm assuming you'll stop off in Wellington, and since its summer, may I
recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos? Just recently discovered them last
time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz 

Loads of places have geographical hazards, if you are constantly paranoid,
you'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure. In case of an
earthquake, stay under a sturdy table and don't go outside as possible debris
will fall. 

Yes it's ok. Yes, yes and yes. Nothing wrong with rotorua 

Help?! What size horse do i need? 

Im around 5'2 - 5'4 , 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i'll need
that i wont grow out of quickly? thanks louise 

I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are
interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc. But I would go for the base number
of 15hh. It's "tall" being it's bigger than a pony, but it's on the small end
for a horse. I got my horse when I was 12 and I was already 5'9-5'10, thankfully
I stopped growing when I hit 5'11" but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3hh, TB. So
don't be afraid to get something a little bigger than "perfect" just in case you
hit a growth spurt. A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle.
Keep that in mind. Also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from
the ground, if you even need to, etc. You just want to be sure you can groom and
saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it
is, you can handle it. 

i'm5'3-4" and am 21 well will be in Nov and my horse is 14.2hh and she's perfect
size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block.....only with a saddle
though haha i can't bareback, not yet 

If you Don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2 .. Anything smaller you
will grow out, anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and
manage, especially when riding. Hope I helped :) 

Where in the world is Iguazu? 

Iguazu Falls Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in
the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil, are a
certainly must see attraction in the area. The centre of the falls is known
locally as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of
water sends a constant mist of spray into the air. With the sun shinning down on
the spray, creating a rainbow in the foreground, this is the perfect place to
get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph. However, save some of your shots for
the rest of the falls, as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out
over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River. The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible
and, dependent on your time restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by
either bus or plane. The nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in
Argentina, about 12 miles from the falls, and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil, which is
equally close. Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the
larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires. The bus is
obviously the cheaper option, and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a
full 20 hours, although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining
seats. The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18
hours. Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town, however both are geared up
to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks, and so offer a range
of accommodation for all budgets. For those with a larger appetite for the
scenery and a larger budget, there are some hotel complexes much closer to the
action with views of parts of the falls. 

Paris or England while studying aboard? 

I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I cannot decide where
do you think would be the best place to go?where would you go? I have never been
anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help!!!! 

definitely London - you speak the language and will have more fun. The French
tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad. London is a deliteful
city to visit and easy to get around. You will be able to have a good time
there. % 

As you're from the States you'll have much more fun in London. Parisians dislike
Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners. I was
told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal (apparently this
is "washing down" your food") and not ordering wine. You'll need to have
intermediate French to have a good time in Paris. However, outside Paris
everybody is wonderful. Nobody likes the Parisians, even then Parisians don't
like Parisians. South France is wonderful, right on the Mediterranean. It's
beautiful and the people are extremely friendly. I used to live in London for 6
months and it's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world (I've been
to 45 countries in 5 years). Everything about the place is magical and the
people are mostly friendly. However, if you're allowed another option and you
want a small-town feel, then head to Edinburgh, Scotland. I lived there for 8
months. 

If your French is good/moderate, then head to Paris without a doubt. I also
highly recommend staying with a French family. I did this at age 13 in
Champagne, France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing. 

does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada? 

There is NO such thing as a BTA. That is a term invented by online romance
scammers
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
"Second only to flight money, the Basic Travel Allowance (BTA) is the scammers
highest paying income. Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers
Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and
numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me
fly”. Let’s get this over with now… THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more, anywhere,
it’s an online dating scam."
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231 "THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS
BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE!! Please remember: there is NO such thing. There is NO
such requirement, in any country of the world. This is an invention of the
scammers. " A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to
Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp Just pray that you have not ever
given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your
full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending
money. This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is
to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity Contact the
Anti-Fraud Centre to report this
http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html 

No. BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS. 100% SCAM. cut of all contact and
tighten up your PC security. 

There is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"-this is 100% a
scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all contact with this person-they
are NOT who or what they are claiming to be.The below site from the US
government verifies this-it's the same for Canada ,too.....
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html 

How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce? 

i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as
far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate He's the
issue, you are trying to "Make" them mate. This is like trying to Make 2 people
get married. It doesn't work. First you need a compatible pair. Sounds like your
2 at least tolerate each other, so there is hope there. Then the need to be
mature, that is, old enough, and big enough to breed. This may be around 1/2 of
their full adult size, probably 4-5" for those guys. Then the environment. Large
tank, no annoying tankmates, perfect water conditons and really good feeding.
The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them. Get that
right, and they will mate when THEY are ready. You can't MAKE them mate, you can
only encourage them. Ian 

Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed. Most of the time one is more
interested in breeding than the other. Bredders take the one that in not very
interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days. The tank should
have a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave
big enough for two fish to fit in. The p H should be 6.5-7. Now feed the one in
the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat
for 3-5 days. Then add the other mate. They may not respond right away and they
may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
When the males aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn. The two lay
their eggs inside the cave you made for them. 

Turn the water temp up to 82 degrees 

Please help with my cats bladder issue? 

I have a 1 1/2 year old female calico. When she was spayed the vet had a hard
time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only
has on kidney. Recently she has been peeing A LOT. I'm talking soaking all the
litter box and then some. She is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets
underneath. I don't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it's
getting to be an issue. I have to scrub the floor 2-3 times a week now. What
could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first? I love her and want
to help her but I don't know when I'll be able to take her to to vet :( please
help. 

First of all, I am very sorry to hear you're having this issue with your cat. :(
Frequent urination is a sign of several things. Bladder or Urinary tract
infections are two common ones, but these usually are frequent visits, with
small amounts of urine being passed. If there is blood in the urine, or the cat
seems to be in pain, then that is also a good indicator. But your cat is passing
a LOT of urine, and this is bad. Given the chance your cat may only have one
kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which
untreated can lead to possible renal failure. Signs of this can be hard to spot,
and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet. Vomiting,
bad breath, and listlessness. Seizures will occur when the toxins that the
kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream. I know you are
very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her.
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her. 

I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.I got only 63 points
while 67 minimunm is requirement.? 

Can i apply with 63 points? 

According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states
"Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be
eligible for processing." HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that "The
current pass mark is 67. The pass mark could change. You should check for
updated information on a regular basis." The Skilled Worker category was my
first attempt at permanent residency. And between the time I began my research
and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once. Unfortunately, both
minimums were above my score. But I got lucky because I qualified under another
category to become a permanent resident. So keep checking at least on a weekly
basis. GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at
http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html . Here
is what they posted there "4. May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category
even if I score less than 67 points?" "If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer
believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become
economically established in Canada, the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may
use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) and
approve your application even though you score less than 67 points." Read the
full answer at that web page for conditions. 

Sure you can apply. The points system acts as a guide to sort out the best
candidates. Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all
of them as "cast in steel" as the points. Go ahead, send in your application. 

NOTE to BEN .67 is the minimum score, anything below that is filed in the
"circular file basket ". Why have a "minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?
Jim B Toronto. 

I'm mad and don't know what to do! Please help!? 

Alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I
never got around to it. (I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain
letter things again) so I fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from
southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida!!!
I got so excited!!!! It said it was in January but still!!!! So I kept reading
and then I saw the dates, it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day
monday. :( then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat
there looking at the dates. (we live in Pennsylvania btw) I'm mad and upset now!
Don't get me wrong I want to go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously. We are
taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2
days. ****sigh**** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really! Can
someone please make me feel better about this trip!!!! 

A least your going.! Enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all.! and it
will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can
afford to go so be happy you have the money to go. :D 

Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it. At least you get to go to
Florida in JANUARY. And, having only two days makes you realize what you have
with your family. "Nothing Gold Can Stay", honey. Enjoy it while you can, and
then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time. If
they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember? Hope you have a crapload
of fun! (In a good way...) 

What is Italian High Renaissance? 

Have a look at this, it may help. 1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening
phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in
Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600,
marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe. The term
renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th
century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt. Although the
origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of
intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the
14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely
Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the
century. The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”, and the
era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity
after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages. These
changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast
majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages. 2)The
expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to
denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance. The High
Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with Leonardos
fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in
Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of
Charles V. This term was first used in German (Hochrenaissance) in the early
nineteenth century, and has its origins in the "High Style" of painting and
sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann.[1] Over the last twenty
years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians
for over-simplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and
focusing only on a few iconic works. [2] Hope it helps! 

I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time, what should I expect?

I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that
I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa
process and everything. do you get your visitors visa immediately at the
airport? I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa.
do you have to go through a medical exam right away? drug test? blood test? or
do i just show them passport and walk through the gates? i have talked to some
people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its
a routine thing when entering another country. I honestly have no idea what to
expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of
the embassies costs by the minute- which I really don't have the money for. I'm
really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go
smoothly. 

An American passport should get you right into the country, there is no need for
a VISA, for six months. There is no medical exam or blood test or others like
that. You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice.
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html Above is the link to
the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that
you need, including passport information. It is free. 

I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K. You should
be fine with just a passport, unless you're staying longer than six months. You
should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though. I am not
sure how well you planned this trip. You'll have a great time, so no worries
there. I visited London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews so far, and I was treated
very well and with great kindness. Just treat everyone else as you would want to
be treated, and you'll be fine. That tactic never failed me. 

What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female? 

i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex
female and the silkie females would make ?if you had any pics of your hens i
would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks? 

A Sussex crossed with Silkie would make a crossbred *mutt* chicken. There are a
lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie, so the offspring would vary
in appearance. You don't say what color Silkie or Sussex you are dealing with so
I can't say what color your chicks would be likely to be. However, I can say
what features they would/could have. Feather Type. Silkies have hookless
feathers. Sussexs have soft feathers. All offspring from this cross will have
soft feathers, as hookless feathers are a recessive gene. Skin Color: Silkies
have black skin color, which is dominate. Sussex have White Skin which could be
recessive or dominate. Either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black
gene. Skin will be darker but lighter then the Silkies. Beards/Muffs: If your
Silkie has a beard/muff the offspring could have a beard as well, as these genes
are incomplete dominate. Feathered Feet/Shanks- Chicks could have feathered
feet/shanks as this is also incomplete dominate. Crest: Chicks could also
develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene. Comb
Type: Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types
(Rose and Pea) single is also there, but is recessive. So crossed to a Sussex
you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird. Five Toes: Silkies
have five toes. Sussex have four toes. Crossed together (five toes is
incompletely dominate) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both, or
even one foot. Silkie crosses are great birds, and very neat looking. Hens make
excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the
Silkies. Best wishes, Jamie/RhodeRunner 

I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000. What do you think
of these photos? 

http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my
Nikon D7000 (see links above). What do you think of these photos? The lighting
was not the best, but the pics turned out ok in my opinion. 

deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better
answers... i refer to my previous answer: you need to learn about white balance,
composition, angle, and work on using the camera properly... [edit - and she
most be very new to modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses) 

lol, he has posted this so many times today already.clearly hes mad that people
know he took her pic off the net and it's NOT his gf 

Not bad, but too many distracting elements for my taste. For example: In the
photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in
the shot. There are also some distracting background elements like the light
fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left. In the standing photo
(from the front) there is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the
lower right corner and what looks like a power cord. In the shot from the back,
the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power
outlet. Compositionally, this one is not my favorite, I would suggest trying a
different crop because I dont think cutting her off at the calf looks great. I
do like the shadow, though. My suggestion is to pay close attention to what's
going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground,
do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements. Using a fairly
wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements. I've
had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the
background I didn't notice at first. 

what are some unique customs in ireland? 

As far ask I’m aware our most unique custom would be the “Country Wake”. In all
my travels I’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look
when I explain them to foreigners. After a person dies, their remains are “waked
” in their home for roughly 2-3days. In this time visitors will come to the
house, pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of
cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun. The wake also included the night sit were
friends and family sit up through the night with the remains. Wakes are common
both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike. But
only really in the countryside. The only notable difference I have noticed is
that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel
the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war.
Another unique custom (and a dying one at that) is the Pioneers. The Pioneers
was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and
supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining from alcohol), in an attempt to
deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by. Pioneers
take a pledge to remain tee-total and at the hight of the organization
popularity, had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the
25th anniversary. I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is
unlikely to make into the 22nd century. The Orange Order and the 12th of July
Marches would be argued by some not to be an Irish custom but unarguable ticks
every criteria to be considered one. The marches on the 12th of July are only
really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest
attended paraded in Ireland. 

Barn brack and the ring. 

the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter
,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween.christmas cake for christmas day. 

Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do? 

Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do? I'm unsure of this, because
once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she didn't react to
seeing another cat on TV. I heard that a company (here is a link:
http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html
) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky
chew-toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear. As far as I
understand, this ad will get dogs excited, but my question is: Can dogs actually
see the images featured in the advert like humans? Also, can animals remember
images on TV like us, humans? If so, then does that mean that if you watched a
scary movie and your dog/cat/parrot was in the same room as you they will also
get scared? I wouldn't know--I don't particularly like scary movies, and I
haven't tried this with my pet. Although, I don't think that scary movies will
affect pets for a long time; I am sure they'll forget sometime--or am I wrong? 

So what about T.V.? Do dogs enjoy watching T.V.? Well, T.V. is a series of
flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture. The
pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to
move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture. To a dog, watching T.V.
is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion
seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80Hz. So they see the pictures flicker slower
and there for it seems choppy to them. So chances are that if your dog likes to
watch T.V., it’s probably because of the sounds. Hearing is a dog’s secondary
sense, and I will discuss that in another blog entery. 

Yes they do. 

im pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases
things around the tv screen 

How much should I be looking at for horse transportation? 

I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the
location is about 3 hours away from where I live. The place where I'm boarding
is not likely to want to take me this far, and I do not have any ways of hauling
him myself. So I want to hire someone (or multiple people) to transport me to
these shows. If they ask how much I'm willing to pay, what is a good price
range? I saw a site that charges $0.70 per mile. Is that reasonable? 

Impossible to say, but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for
the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that, and
some on top for the driver's time and effort, unless you are able to share
transport with another or more, that would keep the costs down. 

Remember that you get what you pay for. Three hours isn't far, but you are doing
multiple shows. Some people are willing to take your horse, but they really have
old trailers that are not the safest in the world. Rusted, torn corners in the
stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load can all make
travelling hard, if not downright dangerous, on your horse. I had my horse
transported from CA to WA and he came on this big, open stock trailer. He was
dehydrated when he got there and lost weight. Since then, I now use a
professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an
eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers all have super
smooth suspension. All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and
healthy when they arrive. I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote.
Even though you may not want to use them, it will give you some idea of what it
might cost and what is fair. See link below. Make sure the trailer service you
use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid. 

Do they have this anywhere? 

I want to take a cruise around the world. I mean literally around the world if
possible. First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you
estimate it would be just a guess.Second is there any way to sort of customize
the places you wanna go to? Like you can pick the destinations? But if not just
say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere. 

1. Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices.
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1 Prices listed, however,
are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high
"single supplement" costs in addition. (Two people in a cabin will spend more
onboard, so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone. You may be able to do
better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete). 2.
Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could
customize your own itinerary. Good luck! 

Various world cruises from most of the major cruise lines, typically 100 days in
duration. Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold
on the basis of double occupancy. No possibility to customise ports of call.
Prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all
along the way i.e Transatlantic to London (England), England to Barcelona
(Spain), Barcelona to Alexandria (Egypt), Egypt to India via Suez canal etc. 

yes there are multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more
upscale lines. HOWEVER: you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin, even
if it is just you. so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least. and
no you cannot customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a
cruise with stops in between on shore.. say book a Panamal Canal crossing, then
fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail
the Med before flying to England to hit the Transatlantic corssing. 

Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s? 

No. There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long
time--the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China,
there were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII. The whole Western
Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black. The Mission was basically
latin-american. As the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to
the cultures. So, the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long
time--caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most
tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so
that's who the photographers took pictures of. The other ethicities weren't well
represented in politics yet--or rather, they were just breaking the color
barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open-minded hippy generation. Marin
County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay
areas started out as white suburbs. 

It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to
have an impact. You never saw black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino
politicians until then. It was an evolution. Many illegals were not counted in
the population until the mid-80s. We did not have big percent of Chinese
migration until the mid 90s. We had fewer people running across the Mexican
border then. We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many
immigrants were not counted. Only Caucasians had any political power, corporate
presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in some
neighborhoods. San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly
European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers.
There has always been a Mexican-American cultural influence since Calif was
owned by Mexico. We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now
but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected. San Francisco
was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people
historically. The counties outside San Francisco were more white than San
Francisco in the 70s. EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more
accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time. 

Can rabbits and chickens live together? 

I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet, but my parents said that it has
to stay outside. We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out
garage/barn thing. There is already a little dog house that I would turn into a
little rabbit hutch being kept back there and I was thinking about keeping the
rabbit in the run with the chickens, but keeping the chickens in the coop and
the rabbit in the hutch at night. However, in the day time would it be okay for
the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens? We feed the chickens scraps of
veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't
be able to digest just fine. So, can rabbits and chickens live together as long
as they have separate places for their food and water? (The rabbit hutch would
have an opening only big enough for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able
to get to the rabbit food) Also, is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a
few bites of chicken feed? My last rabbit did that a few times, and he was
fine...I just wanna make sure :) Thank! 

Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters
may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are
friendly with almost all kinds of pets! From my experience Hens(Not roosters)
are very friendly with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc. Be sure not to
feed your rabbits non-veg items! You said they live in different cages and they
are free in day,so no problem,don't put both of them in one cage because rabbits
bedding is different than that of hens,wet bedding can cause diseases in them!
So,don't put both of them in one cage. Good luck! 

yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in
there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender. So be very careful and some
feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for chickens.Rabbits do burrow also so
don't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes. rabbits are delicate and
can get diseases so watch out for that. 

melting brass did not work? 

my friends and I are trying to melt bras to make some little figures. we have
made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put
a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom, filled the
pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped
air through the hole in the pot, everything got red hot but did not melt. what
am I doing wrong 

I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum
or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point. I'll just echo both
other answers. Molten brass is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and
forced air or oxygen. Even if you did melt it, I doubt you foresaw the issues of
handling it and pouring it. It's really too advanced for a beginner, both in
tooling and safety. Just the zinc fumes will get you, if you don't take
precautions. Pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove
top. 

I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum
or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point. Brass has an even
higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't
get hot enough. I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue
which does not get as hot as real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal,
not barbecue charcoal). I have done a fair amount of metal casting, but never
tried to build my own furnace, but I think your version is just too small and
doesn't get hot enough. I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with
a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of
those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill). 

I melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm Brass melts at
just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot.
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#SELCTEMP You might be able to make a
version of your setup work, but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot
of forced air. I use propane with a blower and a burner I built
http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm 

Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food? 

Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer.
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods.
Its important to their religion that they only consume Halal food. Even if you
buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for
example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham. Its
simply not just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat
halal prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used
for prohibited foods. Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and
should provide foods for people of all religions. We all enjoy buying a snack
when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday. Not everyone wants to bring
packed lunch. Its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because
no place will provide suitable food for them. I think its only fair that
nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and
hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal. 

When I went to Bosnia, all the meat was Halal. I will not eat halal meat, so
guess what, I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of
other options. I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and
sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it. When you go to another
country, you live by their way of life and their laws, if you don't like it, you
know how to get back out the country (but I guess our benefits system is too
much to throw away, huh). Cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for
different food groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, red for
cooked meat, brown for raw meat, etc - all for food preparation and hygiene
policies. 

No. To prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat.
Switzerland is one, and the Netherlands are passing the same law. It will become
EU law in a couple of years. 

We can't dictate what business wants to open where. If someone thinks there is a
business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places. 

How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python? 

They don't know ANYTHING about Ball pythons. When I ask my mom she says she will
never let a snake in her house. She has no experience with snakes and has never
held one. I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one, I'm 14 by the
way 

Lay some knowledge on them dude. Maybe if they see how much time and effort
you've devoted to researching the animal they'll reconsider. Tell them it costs
like 8 dollars a month (if even that much) to keep it fed. Be helpful around the
house to show that even if you can't pay for it yourself that youre willing to
work for it. Once you've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store
and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and
harmless they can be. Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit. My wife
was TERRIFIED of snakes when we first met, I introduced her to one out my baby
corn snakes and she fell in love with it. Be persistent, but don't pester them
about it cause that'll get you nowhere fast. Good luck! 

My general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice: 1. Be
responsible. Do all your chores without being nagged, take care of any existing
pets, keep your room clean, and so on. Prove, to your parents' satisfaction,
that you, not they, will be the one actually taking care of your new pet. 2.
Save up, and research, so that you are ready for your new pet. 3. Bargain with
them. Offer to do extra chores, ask for your pet as a reward for good grades,
something like that. 4. Play the sympathy card. If you can find a pet at a
shelter, or that a friend needs to get rid of because they're moving or
whatever, you might be able to talk your parents into "giving it a good home"
where you might not be able to talk them into buying a new pet. On the fear
angle--talk her into coming to the pet store with you. Once you're there, ask if
you can hold a ball python. Once you're holding it, try to get her to touch/pet
it... 

My Snake's meal is TOO big, what can I do? 

Just today I bought a medium rat for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after
Harry Potter). Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled
her easily. But today, I got a boy and realized that he is HUGE! I really do
love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold-blooded creature. So my
true question comes to this, how can I knock the rat out? If I threw him against
a wall and still conscious he will run away, do I hang him by the tail so the
blood can flush into his skull? I really do need answers and advice, and NOT
INSULTING ANSWERS!! LIKE SERIOUSLY!! >:( Best answer shall receive points :) 

iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once,
snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing, so why not give her a good hunt,
but if you do want him knock him id just throw him against the wall or
something,, lol i dont know, i agree with you though throw him, haha Ok so if
youre snake will take pre-killed, you can "gas it". Just put the rat in a sealed
tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and
then feed it. If it won't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you
could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface, like a
refrigerator or wall. I don't like that option though - I think it's pretty
cruel and I'd not done properly you'll end up really hurting the rat but not
stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake. I would do the
tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane. You could also just wait until
the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point, it could
still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive. And also maybe try
holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a good hold and grip on
his prey. Good luck! Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on
frozen/thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in
the long run. My opinion - take it for what it's worth… :-) 

Looking to move to Toronto? 

I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on
neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area. Im moving from South Carolina
so this will already be a huge culture shock. Any suggestions? 

Being gay and living in Toronto is just fine. You may consider the Gay Village
on Church Street, right downtown. It is full of gay friendly "everything". But,
you could live where ever you fancy takes you. For obvious reasons, knowing how
extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city, you should probably try to
be near the subway system. But, can you immigrate? Being an American guarantees
you no favours when it come to going to Canada. Start your process here, if you
haven't already. (Marrying a Canadian is not enough - that doesn't count for at
least two years.) http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp A normal
processing time, unless you have an advanced degree or a "specified" skill is
from 3 - 5 years. Coming to stay, and overstay your three months visit will lead
to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD. 

Lets be clear about this...........Just 'wanting to come to Canada " is NOT
enough. You MUST apply, to become a Immigrant, and WAIT to be approved, by the
Canadian Government. YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work
history, combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory
financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are
all taken into consideration. It is a competition, and YOU will be competing
with hundreds of thousands of others, from all over the world, for a place in
the line up. IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW< you are about
2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada. So don't pack your
bags ,yet. Whatever you do ...............DO NOT try to come here with out legal
permission. You will not be able to seek work or take a job, in Canada, with out
having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card
to any potential employer. Being an American and from the "south " you will be
noticed as soon as you speak out loud . Do it properly, and legally, and you
will be OK. Jim B Toronto. 

How to train my puppy ? 

I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy. Recently I'm having trouble training him. He
is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try
to bite it. And he is not following me when I was walking. I saw lots of videos
about this, but actually it didn't help. Is there any way can let him know how
to walk with leash ? And every time he see some one he will rush to people and
jump on them, doesn't listen to me. He is really excited about anybody he see.
How to prevent this ? Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something
higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time
until I let him get on, what should I do with this ? Anyone have any suggestion?
thank you very much. 

Hi, I am a dog trainer for 25 yrs. You need to purchase what is called a
shoulder point harness. This type of harness goes around the dogs chest and legs
and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder
blades. This way, he cannot reach the leash to chew it. When he swivels his head
to go for it anyway, tell him sharp "UH UH" gently correct him with a small tug
and continue your walk. Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to
walk on a leash. Patience is the key here. He is a young pup and will learn over
time and consistency in his training. And always, always train with love and
positive methods- never hit or harshly scold. Never train out of fear. You want
your dog to admire you as his pack leader, not fear you. Good luck with your
puppy! All the best. 

Put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer. :) 

why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does
something right. or, as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv, get a clicker type
thing and treats as well. try to train him to heel, which means to walk round
you before he needs to go on a leash, and he may do that. or you could even
spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably,
if you act quick enough, will stay on the leash. 

What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs500
per night? 

Hey guys. I'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of
February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could
get for Rs 500 per person per night. There would be four of us so we would
probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these
cities. This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of
finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and
is in a spot we like. Thanks in advance for sharing your experience! Sorry,
almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk-in to these hotels rather
than pre book? 

In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse. Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed
there twice. Rooms start from 500 per double. Those ones are quite small. Must
say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating. I have found this
hotel in the Lonely Planet guide. It's in an area starting with a P, many
tourist hotels there and the location is very nice. But in general, Delhi is the
hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price. In Varanasi I don't
know. I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some
travelguides or tripadvisor? Also, while travelling ask people where they've
been and if they have any hotel recommendations. In Agra I've stayed in a place
fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide. It was nice and
close to the Taj. It was quite easy to find something. (Dont stay in Agra too
long. One night is enough!) There were many hotels there. Ive paid 500 for a
double room there and it was fine and clean. Good luck, enjoy your time! 

You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you
mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra.
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html 

To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi. it is in karol
bagh. some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market,
Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar
Mantar are near to it. TO Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is
perfect for you. it is centrally situated. To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel
is you choice... 

which one out of these makes the best pet? 

a degu, a rat, a mouse, a hamster or a guinea pig? and why is the one a better
pet? 

Get a guinea pig. I have a hamster, and mice and rats like to escape. The Guinea
pig is better because its a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu. So
if you lose him, he is easier to find, because smaller rodents just LOVE to
escape from their cages. So my opinion is Guinea pigs. (plus they dont stink
that bad) 

Depends on what you want in a pet, to be honest. Also depends on the space you
have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc.
I've had experience with all of those pets except Degus. My favorite would have
to be the rat. They're incredibly social, highly trainable, and very clean. Mine
learned to "go to the bathroom" only in their cages and loved to ride on my
shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch. The only downside is they should be
kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat. That means expense,
space, and they require weekly cage cleaning. My second favorite would have to
be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats (at least mine
wasn't) but more so than most hamsters or mice. Again, pairs or trios and pretty
big living space. They, too, need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit.
I could handle my mice, but they where skittish and preferred their cage. I've
never met a hamster that didn't bite me. Never had/handled a Degu. 

Get a guinea pig. We have two. They are social and like to be handled. You have
to have two because they don't do well alone. Make certain you get two females.
Two males can fight and you definitely don't want babies!! Guinea pigs (also
called cavies) are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at
night. They will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give
them a treat like leaf lettuce. They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos,
celery, cucumbers, carrots. Don't feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic,
onions, head lettuce ....they are all too difficult for them to digest. Also
they can't eat potatos, they are toxic for them. If you keep the cage clean they
don't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them, just massage it into
their coat and groom them. 

Fostering 6 week old kittens and HATING IT! Need Advice!? 

I wanted to volunteer and help animals, and decided to try fostering kittens.
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am
at my wits end. I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight
weeks old but they are ruining my apartment. They track poop everywhere (most
disgustingly my bed....), and am constantly trying to climb up everything,
including my bare legs! My legs and hands are just full of scratches. I realize
they are young and that cats do climb, but this is just ridiculous. My apartment
also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least
once a day if not twice. Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more
positive experience would be extremely appreciated. 

That's kind of the way it goes..lol. Limit them to one room with easy to clean
flooring. If you have limited options, try the bathroom. Make sure there are
plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often. Depending on the batch of
kittens, I will often have as many as one per kitten. They can produce a lot of
waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy. For some reason it takes
them awhile to learn not to step in poop. Also if they have diarrhea, check in
with your foster coordinator. They made need medication or deworming or
something. They are testing out their claws and teeth. To some degree you
can/should help teach them not to use their teeth and claws inappropriately. But
in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be
interacting with the kittens. Then take care of yourself. Get plenty of sleep
and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy. Try visiting the
kittens a few times a day for short periods of time. Try to go in there with the
right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are. If you still don't enjoy
the kittens, see what other opportunities are available. They may need foster
homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery,
need a little socialization, etc. I find the adults are much easier. Generally
they're not clawing and biting, they don't make nearly as much mess, they don't
need nearly as much litterbox scooping, etc :) 

Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back! And do more research
before you agree next time ;-) 

Take the kittens back to the shelter. Maybe do volunteer work at the humane
society, walk dogs, groom the animals etc. 

what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada? 

what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in
canada? including fees and forms 

It depends on if you ever registered the birth. Some places do the registration
right at the hospital....in some smaller places, you need to register your
child's birth at the town hall/registrar's office. My first three children were
born in Southern Ontario cities. The birth registration was done right in
hospital. My last son, was born in Northern Ontario....I didn't know that I
didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in
the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days. Two years later
when I got around to filling for his birth certificate, I find out he was never
registered. I had to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay,
have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me, as they don't
have an online area for it yet, fill those out, send them away, then apply for
his birth certificate. If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the
first time, its simple to do it over the computer. For $56 you can even have it
expedited and will get in three business days or your money back. This is in
Ontario of course, the rates may be slightly different for other
provinces/territories. You just need basic information, and answer a few
questions like what hospital was the child born at/who was the doctor.... 

None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you
have to prove your identity. they may then chose to ask you to bring more
evidence, or just look up the record and hand you the certificate. You can
probably do it all on-line. Start here if you were born in Ontario.
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html If you
were born elsewhere, start here.
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html Good
luck 

My parents didn't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for
summer employment. It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in
the first place. I add that in because there have been some people who have
tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were
never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents. When a child is born in
Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital. As long
as that was done you can send for it at any time. Each provincial government has
a website that lists the process for that Province so depending upon where you
were born you can google it. 

Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise? 

ONLY IF YOU HAVE BEEN ON BOARD *BOTH* !! i want to know which you liked better
and WHY? include which one had: -better food -more fun activities -more teens
-AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERALL please specify which royal or carnival
ship (: 

Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong
followings. Some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other. Are
there any major differences between them? Explore which cruise may fit your
needs the best. For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival
Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas. Itinerary Both ships go to
Caribbean Islands like Jamaica, Grand Cayman, Cozumel, St. Thomas, the Bahamas
and St. Martin / St. Maarten. The Liberty also visited its private island Half
Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk. The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its
private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti). We loved most of
the locations that both of the ships visited and don't believe that this should
be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines. Shows Each
night there are a variety of shows. Usually you have the main show and some type
of entertainment before and perhaps afterward. We felt that the main shows on
the Mariner of the Seas were better. On the Liberty we liked the comedian and
juggling act. If you love seeing the shows, Royal Caribbean was better for the
main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians. Dining Room We
enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the
Seas. We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the
Seas. Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high
grades. We did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the
Mariner. We had a slightly better experience on the Liberty, but feel that both
crews did an excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor
on choosing a cruise. Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt
water pools - which most cruise ships have. They both had pools for kids and
adults. We liked the Liberty's pools better because one had a slide. If you have
kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy. Spa We tried the
spa on the Liberty and loved it. We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the
Seas. Usually you can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment...... 

Royal Caribbean is better, but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas. Look on
their website rssc.com 

Royal Caribbean. Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines... 

What countries are the best to travel to? 

I really want to travel when I leave school! Where in the states could I go?
Where in Europe? Have you every traveled before? How long should I go for to
each place? (I Have 1 year before collage!) &Also how much money would I need?
So I can start saving now hehe Thanks :) I mean when I graduate & yes, college,
sorry for the typo. 

Leave High School? Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if
you've never traveled before and you don't put where you would be traveling
from. In the United States? Lots of places. There are 50 of them, 48 located
from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between.
There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the
north and Hawaii in the Pacific. What do you like to do? Big Cities like New
York, Boston, Philadelphia on the East Coast. Beaches and Disney of Florida or
the Mid Atlantic cities of Atlanta, Savannah, Charleston. The federal sites of
Washington, DC. Southern charm of Nashville, Birmingham, New Orleans or
Charlotte. West Coast hot spots like Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, Los
Angeles or San Diego. Europe? Just as numerous as the possibilities of the US.
Do you speak a foreign language? I could spend a year in Spain alone. From
Madrid to Seville to Barcelona an Valencia. Bilboa on the north coast, Pamplona
and the very famous Guernica. A road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal
before a mountain escape in the Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before heading
over to France and Italy and Austria and Switzerland. I've traveled to all of
these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget,
actual time allowed, your likes and dislikes. Amount of time could be dependent
on so many things. Do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and
on your way to the next place. Does your budget limit you to how long you can
stay in each place? You need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the
sites, food, local transport - you name it but life costs. Once you have a
budget or an amount in the bank then you'll be able to figure out where you can
go, for how long you can go and what you can do when you're there. 1 year before
collage or college? Good luck. 

I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU
your heart desires. You can't beat the price for what you get. 

come to Africa. Nigeria, a lovely country. But where in nigeria? Obudu cattle
ranch. More than a tourist centre. 

How do you make your cat adjust to a new house? 

Me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town. We are
currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the
new house is beside a busy road. We have had the cat for 10 years and dont want
to leave it. How could we make it settle in a new house. 

you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his territory. territory is
very important to cats, and they are very nervous when they go into a new place
- a new house could be full of predators, or unknown menaces - well at least he
thinks so. you will need to give him only a small place to explore, so he can
make it his territory, and feel safe there. then, he can have a place to retreat
to when he feels scared. you will need to get his box and bowls, and whatever
blanket and toys are his, and smell like home, and put him in a room. the room
you sleep in is best (seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the
message that everything is OK), but others will work just as well. close the
door, and keep him in there for a week. he will feel much safer in that one
room, than in a huge unknown house. he will explore the room, mark everything
with his cheek, and try to make it feel like his territory. he will reassure
himself that no other animal is in there, and that no other animal will come in
- he is afraid that he is in someone else's territory when he is in a new house.
in a week's time, he will have made it his, and will be getting more bored than
afraid. let him out for half an hour, to explore. then put him back in. he will
be freaked out, so going back to his territory will make him much happier.
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in
his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep. soon he will make the whole house
his, but he needs that one safe place to start from. remember to visit with him
while he is in the room, and tell him how good he is. remember to give him the
time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of
the whole house for a long time. he might even start peeing on things in fear.
good luck with your new house and with his new territory! 

Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she
felt comfortable. In time though she/he will adjust. :) 

they just do it on their own. 

I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors? 

Last night, I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd. (He is 92 pounds) He
does not listen to any commands, but my major problem is that he will not go
outside on command, or even with me. I will walk outside and he will stand at
the door and stare at me or run away. My other MAJOR problem is that he will not
get in his crate. I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way, it
wont work. He wont even get close to the crate. If I come towards him, he will
run away. How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate? and to willingly
go outside...and to come on command. He wont do anything on command. Its very
frustrating. I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy. I
trained her myself. She is crate trained, potty trained, and can sit, lay down,
stay, come, fetch, and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat
across the floor or even right next to her paw, and she wont get it until I give
her the command. Yes, lots of time and lots of patients...I just dont know how
to do it with a grown dog. She tosses me around like its nothing!...but
basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience,
lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right? Is
there any tricks I could use? 

Maybe get a book on training. You have to be in command at all times. There are
ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going out. I would start with a
leash. Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times. Then
take the leash off and do nothing else but that. Later do it again. When the dog
is ok with this, then open the door and walk around the crate, leave the door
open all the time. Put something fun inside. Let your dog go in when he wants to
for no reason. Do not shut the door. Let him walk in and out for a few days. At
some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for
long at all. Open the door and let him out and see how he acts. If you push it,
it will never work. With going outside, put the leash on and just take him for a
walk. He will learn to really like this. Potty outside will come at some point.

Try obedience classes. Have patience with him, you just got him and who knows
how he was treated before you brought him home. 

where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices? 

will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day
trip to Mekong delta. I have been researching on line and find things are quite
pricey but the tours look great. Should I just settle and book on line? or is it
better if I wait till I get there? If I wait, would the tours I find there for
less money be the same quality type tours? Also, any tour recommendations would
be very helpful a well. Thank you! 

If you want reliable and inexpensive... try Sinh Cafe/Tourist. The are located
right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district. I have taken
this tour and it was great. I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and
the water market was wonderful. I don't remember the exact cost but remember
thinking how inexpensive it was. Also, Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time
and is very reputable. And no, I do not work for them. :) I am just a satisfied
customer. And don't expect to party on this tour. The south is not like the
regular tourist towns. Very few clubs and night activities. Oh, if you are
confused. Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe. It is a tour agency and they have their own
buses etc. tele#84838389593 have fun. 

There isn't much to see in the delta, it's a lifestyle not a resort area. If
you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we
live) or Can Tho. From either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a
day in the country. Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along
the My Tho waterfront. You take a boat across the river, then spend a day
biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things
that are geared towards tourists. The countryside is very beautiful, especially
if you have a few months (or years) to get to know the place. PS, If you make it
to Thanh Pho Ben Tre, stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel. It's called Kiwi
Heaven and it's across the river from Cho Ben Tre. It's a little hard to get to
by foot, they're rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto-taxi you
there for a dollar or less. He's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he's been in
town for awhile. He'll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist
fantasy. Have a good trip where-ever you end up. 

We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip, but they
do offer this one day separately. We had a great time and visited a location
where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached
to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what
appeared to be a local hangout. Intrepid is good at getting you away from the
most touristy spots and showing you something a little different. 

yoga and horses.....? 

I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss's fino horses and it made me
realize just how unsteady my left leg is. I mentioned it to my boss and she said
to start doing yoga. But there are just so many poses and programs! Any good
poses or programs (I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $20) to help
specifically with leg stabilization? I just have a few issues supporting my back
and my left leg flops. Because I don't feel like spending over $20 on a freakin
DVD 

I also have back problems that transfer into my legs. I have done Yoga for
riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called
"Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight
differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I
use my legs and back. Here is what I do now and it really helps.... When I first
get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold
it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena. Then the same thing
with the other leg. Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs
pulled out as far as I can, so they are not touching the saddle. Then a lap
doing scissors, one leg forward as far as I can and the other back, then switch
legs. I'll also trot doing, down 2 beats, up one for a wile, then up 2 down 1
making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet. If the weight is
going into your heels (it throws your leg forward) put the stirrups up against
the heel of your boot. Do a nice working trot, not a slow trot. All this will
help you use both legs evenly, keep proper contact and use your wight correctly,
to keep your leg in a good position. BTW you dont want your leg locked in place,
it will move WITH the horse a bit. When I first started doing it I'd do it every
day. Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed. Now not only is my leg
better, but my back is relaxing. 

what are you having problems with? i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more
with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a
way to ride on your knees? that help alot with your thigh muscles (bareback
though) ya i really wouldn't bother with the yoga maybe a back brase will help,
sometimes my back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one. with
your leg flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with
only your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward
the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of
your steps (on the ball of your foot) and balance to strengthen those muscles 

You don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like
riding horses? I really can't help you. 

What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis? 

My dog has been sick for about 3 days now. He has been having diarheya
everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight. I thought it would pass until he
started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any water. I took him to the Animal
Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal. No
pancreatitis or anything abnormal. The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave
him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some
take home antibiotics. So my question is.. Is it normal for dogs to throw up
blood while having gastroenteritis? and will these antibiotics help? I have
tryed to give him water but he wont take it.. what should i do? i dont want him
to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food?...
Some help would be great. thank you :) They didnt take x-rays they offered them
but i just couldnt afford anymore treatment. I feel like shit for saying that
but after what they have done already i wont be buying grocerys for the next few
weeks. I will give them and call and see what they say. Thank you for the help.
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken
but only a little at a time. Seince he recieved the fluids lastnight he said not
to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days. I went home at
lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000etter he was actually walkin around
and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info its greatly appreciated. 

To answer your questions in order: 1) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting,
much less to have blood in it. However, if they have been vomiting numerous
times, then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines.
He could also have Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of things. Did
your vet take radiographs (x-rays)? 2) Your vet would not prescribe them if they
didn't think it would be helpful. 3) If he shows no interest in water, then take
him back to your vet. It could be due to nausea or any number of things. He
could become severly dehydrated (especially if he continues to vomit and have
diarrhea). From there you end up with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to
heart and kidney problems. And being dehydrated, vomiting, and having diarrhea
just doesn't feel good. 4) Call your vet. They should have discussed a bland
diet with you, including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each
sitting. It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized, and put on
IV fluids to help his hydration, administer the antibiotics IV, and to ensure
that he starts to recover. You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back
immediately to clarify anything you have questions about. They have seen your
pet, and are most aware of his condition. No one online will be able to assist
you more than your vet can. 

You need to ask your vet these questions. 

Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast. Bland food. NO SPICES! My vet told
me when a dog is vomiting a lot, it could be a sign of obstruction. Did they do
any x-rays? I don't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment. You
should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not. 

French dating etiquette? 

I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to
say something about this. I'm in my 20's and currently studying in France.
Coming from an anglo-saxon country my version of dating is 'getting the number,
asking her out, etc..' However, I've read on the internet that the French dating
etiquette is totally different. For them, dating would normally be meeting in
groups or parties, then pairing off. In addition, from my understanding
one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight-away' like
us anglo-saxons. They are also very secretive about being in a relationship.
They only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a certain level of
seriousness. Is it true? I have told a French girl I liked her, and she
accepted. She is friendly when we see each other on campus. She is also nicer
when we are both alone. However, when we are at parties or when they are people
around she seems to ignore me. She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out
on a date, to the point she said stop! My mind thinks she has no interest in me
and just stringing me along. But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary.
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap? 

What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not
fit all scenarios. You are not French for a start, so the "rules" or "customs"
may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between
people from different backgrounds. From what you say the messages given by this
girl are quite clear. She is not stringing you along since she is actually
discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out . She
is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she
treats you like any other friend. You said you liked her and she accepted it as
a truth and perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or
wants to pair off with you. At parties she does not want to be considered in any
way attached to you, which is consistent. Take the messages for what they are:
she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take
matters further. "Non!" means "non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep
you attached to my apron strings just in case." Christiane gave you a good
answer. You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding. What I have to add is
that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's
nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what
this girl wants from you. She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend
but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a
friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go
further. If she is nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view
she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend. You
do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually
have a reputation as sluts. Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of
handicap, but that's the way our own rules work. 

Should have done research before you left. Why not just take your chances and do
it your way? 

True or false: being a young New Zealander means having no future? 

There are no jobs in this country. I'm just trying to make up my mind whether I
should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry. Is there a future for
our nation's youth? @Ryan B, I'm two years into an undergraduate degree.
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible
until there are actually jobs available. Everybody seems to flee this country
and move overseas, to Australia, etc. There's obviously a reason for that (lack
of employment, low incomes, etc.) Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me
that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22. So, thanks. @W.a.b.b.y,
I really like you're answer. it's very logical. I've also considered becoming a
teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for. I also wish I'd applied for a
scholarship. I didn't think I'd be awarded one, but I received the Dux
Litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than I
thought they were. Obviously I'm still completely stupid though. I mean, I
wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship. And yes, I am being
melodramatic. Lol. @Hatmanone, *gasps* So I wouldn't make a good prostitute? Are
you saying I'm bad in bed? How would you know? Joking. Your answer is very
sweet, but I'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students. 

A little mellow dramatic? In my opinion, far too many people are at university
studying worthless degrees. Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are
interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these
qualifications? I'm studying to be a teacher, so I know that there will
definitely be jobs out there when I'm done. I may have to live somewhere rural
or in Auckland, but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable. I've also
got a bachelors degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different
profession. I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than
you do here. And it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much
higher in many cities in Australia. Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary,
then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago. You also have to put up with
all the annoying accents in Australia. It's probably not a wise idea to keep
studying and having a massive student loan. At the moment there's no interest,
but that'll probably change. And they'll probably add interest to what you've
already racked up. And they're working towards being able to extradite people
who have left the country to avoid paying it back. At the moment if you move
overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before
they'll force you cough up. And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking
up interest. I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ. I guess I'm
extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my
course fees through my degree. But I worked hard and I'm still working hard.
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around
a job will fall in their lap. My 2c. .... Get an education! I'm doing fine. 

Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in Oz. People
have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20+
years, so it's not anything new. It depends on what you hunger for. 700f jobs
aren't advertised. That means making yourself known; that means networking. 

why does my baby king snake refuse to eat? 

i have a baby eastern king snake. i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to
eat but he refuses. he has a great environment, with water and lots of hiding
places and a heat lamp. as far as i know, everything is as good as it can be
where his aquarium is concerned. according to the vet, he is healthy and looks
good. he has been going to the bathroom like he should. (i know that snakes that
have problems going to the bathroom won't eat.) he has been drinking water (i am
pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl, but also i have been
feeding him water and he doesn't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick
his head near the water and he sucks it down.) i handle him every few days. he
is feisty, as most king snakes are, but he is a very nice little guy - he never
tries to bite or anything. i just love him to death. i don't know why he won't
eat though! i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen
(thawed) pinkies. i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around
than he is. i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a
dark place for an hour or so and he won't touch the pinky. he crawls on top of
them but does not try to eat them. he doesn't seem to know that they are food. i
have tried "braining" both live and dead pinkies, and bloodying them up to get
his attention, but he doesn't care. i have tried dipping both live and thawed
pinkies in tuna juice, and in used gerbil bedding. i have bought some long
reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the
snake's face. he wont even try to bite. i am very discouraged and sad and i
don't know what to do. he hasn't eaten in an entire month. i've only tried to
feed him one at a time. he's just a tiny baby, about the width of a pencil. do
babies this small hibernate? 

When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him? If you feed him too many he
could just not be hungry. If he doesn't seem interested in them at all I would
say he's just not hungry. My boyfriend has one and when she's hungry she attacks
the pinkie right away. They can smell it so i'm sure he knows what it is and
just don't want it. Remember snakes can go awhile without eating. In the winter,
they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation-like state called
brumation, which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity.
King snakes sometimes stop eating, particularly during the cooler part of the
year. They have a natural instinct to hibernate. If the snake is not pregnant or
shedding, and its enclosure is properly equipped, a loss of appetite probably
signals a beginning of hibernation. Hibernation is natural, and a necessity for
snakes that are going to be bred. Another thing that can cause a king snake to
stop eating is shedding. You can tell when your king snake is about to shed,
because its eyes will get milky looking. Its body will be dull looking, too. In
a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin. For example, some snakes will
routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter, feeding mainly in
spring and fall. It's natural and so long as you don't see any serious
deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.You see, some snakes for
no obvious reason will simply go off their food. They're fit and healthy and
their care is suitable. hope this helped. 

That's why it's good to have a python! It's twice my size and eats a rabbit once
a month. 

are my two cats fighting or playing? how rough is too rough? help!? 

i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed
female kitten. the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the
door thing and left it at that. the next day i let her out of the bedroom so
they could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20
minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been
playing(chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground
and pawing at each other). only once it looked like my male cat was biting at
her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once
then he backed off and now they are fine. were they roughhouse playing? or were
they actually fighting? he has been "biting" at her neck and stomach previously
while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a
little to far that one time. any answers help!!!!!! 

you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough. you need to do that
for a least a week, or else this type of territorial fighting will happen.
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and
will give her a place to go to when scared. right now, your male is fighting off
an intruder, and he feels that all of the house is his. put her back in the
room, and keep the door closed for a week. then let her out for ten minutes.
make it fifteen the next day, then twenty, and so on. this will do two things;
the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her
territory. she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she doesn't
now. she knows she is invading someone else's territory, but can't help it, and
has no where to go. she will be able to sleep without being afraid. as well,
your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened. when the
door opens, he will get that the one room is hers, and he will be OK with that.
the territory thing will be solved. your male is hurting her to put her in her
place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use
when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey. this is not good. give them
time to set up their territories, and once you bring the new kitten out, pay a
lot of attention to the male. you have brought someone else into his territory,
and he needs to be reminded that you still love him, and support his claim to
his space. that will help to reassure him, and he will be less aggressive with
her. when they play fight, they don't hiss. if they hiss, they are not playing.
if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them, and you must keep an eye on
them. hissing is OK, unless they start to fight. if that happens, separate them,
and give them time apart. putting the girl in her territory will make her feel
less afraid, and she will relax. good luck! 

A hiss is basically a "get the f*ck away" sound. It means they've gone too far.
When they start bleeding that means they're really fighting. If they're going
kinda slow and like fake biting (not biting as hard as they can), and fake
scratching (not hitting as hard as they can with their paws) then they're
playing. 

I have two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very
territorial, but now they do fight and play. The difference is when the cat
hisses, that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away. That
means they are fighting. When they are just jumping at each other and their
tails are wagging that means that they are playing. I can see how you get
confused though. :) 

What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive? 

When Johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would
take a half-million troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam. He refused
to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three
years (before the next election in 1968). He did not give them the number of
troops they requested. This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a
Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in
the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency. Thing is, it
worked. The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla
movement), they were being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light
infantry) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA). When the Americans swept in with
their Search and Destroy operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not
stand up to the US firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the
country and take sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia. All those
sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE
being defeated. However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders
and clean out the Communist bases. He was warned that they were building up a
huge Army and would eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military
advisers. The Communists agreed. They could not defeat the Americans. However,
what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans
and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful
Clear and Defend operations. The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN,
cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government, and the people would than
rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry
peasants. THAT WAS THE PLAN. What happened? The Americans detected the attempt
to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural
areas. The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked. Within 24
hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of
Hue. The government did NOT fall. And the South Vietnamese people? When give the
ultimate choice, they rallied…TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT…. Tet was a
huge military and political disaster for the Communists. They were chased back
into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit. The people rejected their
attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US
military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to
achieve within the time-frame he ordered it. All he had to do for a complete
victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the
shattered Communist forces. But Johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he
had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter. Instead he pulled
the military off, stopped the bombing of North Vietnam, withdrew from the
presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender
to North Vietnam. They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered
it. The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to
fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was
demanding). In the end Nixon kept his promise for “…peace with honor….” But
that’s another question. 

To emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure. 

To make the war unpalatable to the American public. In that, they pretty much
succeeded. Before Tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of
Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing
the VC and NVA. Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if
the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was
perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight. There is a
very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap. Try
google to find the title if you would like to read it. 

Bearded dragon question...? 

I just bought a baby one yesterday. I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a
double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA
rays important to the psycholical well-being of him. My question is does that
mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs? I also was
wondering how long should this light be on. The lady at pet smart said 4 hours,
but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours. He's getting used to his new
home, but hasn't eatin yet. I have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze-
dried crickets. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your
time. 

Let me try to break this down as simply as I can: diurnal (active during the day
time) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of "light," UVA, UVB, and
heat. Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA, including heat bulbs,
that's the easy one to provide for. UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced
by a fluorescent source. UVB will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp,
unless you use a MVB (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb
that will emit both UVB and heat from one bulb. I highly recommend that you do
not use coiled/compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage
and/or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB
output over time. The long tube UVB bulbs are best, like Zoomed's Repsitun
model:
http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/
Remember to replace UVB bulbs according to the manufacturers recommendation
after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB even if visible light still
is. So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it
produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs. You
need to also provide a source a UVB lighting. The person at Petsmart is very
wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store
employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving
reliable pet care info. UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby,
95 F for an adult) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day. Freeze dried
food is not a good staple food source; you need to offer live feeder insects.
Bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a
feeding response, especially when they are babies. Live food is also higher in
nutritional value than freeze dried. Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and
various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubia, are good example
of staple insects to offer your bearded. Wax worms and meal worms should only be
offered as treat items, for variety's sake. I would highly recommend that you
read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set
up correctly: http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1 

mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him
in..atleast as far as i'm concerned. if there are shady areas he can move to
(for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a
full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at
most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day. either way
you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank
as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without
proper ventilation it can become an oven. as to what the light provides it gives
UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans. 

That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates...
sheesh. Yes, it gives him the "sun rays" necessary, that's what UVA is. And it
should be on 10-12 hours, just like the sun would be up for 10-12 hours in his
natural environment. As for the heat, just be sure to use a thermometer. Also,
Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether
or not he'll touch the freeze-dried crickets or the processed food. I tell all
my customers they can try it, but don't count on it. Also try green leafy
veggies, like kale and spinach. Best of luck! 

Is a finch or a parakeet better? 

I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird
and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering : which would
not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH
WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does ! Please help me! oh
and please say y one is better thx!!!!!! 

Hi there, Please choose the parakeet...Heres my reason..... I did the same thing
that you did for christmas. I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for
christmas. At first it was all cool and all. They were chirping and doing their
every day business. After a couple of weeks I got tired of them. They are quite
messy and you cannot hold or pet them. Ive tried to tame them and they just
would not get tamed. They dont want to be held or touched. I want a bird that I
can hold and do tricks. I still have them and they are doing well. A couple of
months after I got parakeets/budgies. They are adorable they have beautiful
colors and personality. I love them. First of all they are very tame. I tamed
them in 4 days. They can do tricks and they arent messy. The whole family loves
them. My parents even plays with them. They are a big part of our family. I hope
this helps you with your decision. They are both about the same noise level.
When choosing a parakeet look for a young one. (the younger the eaiser to tame)
Look for clean smooth feathers, beak, and clean vent feathers (the feathers
around the butt..dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy) Look for a
dark eye with no circles (the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes). Look
for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to
the back fo the bird. the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older.
(think of a balding man lol) Look for clean feathers. If you want a boy the cere
(the nostrils piece above the beak) must be blue. The girl has either pink or
brown. I would recommend that you get two parakeets. But get either one male and
one female, or two males. Do not get two females. They sometimes dont get along
(you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend
to fight a lot. I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy. They are the
best! If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them.
However if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they
need company. My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the
results. It took me 4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out
of my hand. These are the steps I used. Honestly they have worked for me twice
with my parakeets. Hopefully they will work for you. 1) When you get the bird,
place him or her or them in the cage. Leave them in there with food and water
and such for about 2 hours. 2) Then place you hand in the cage. I took the cage
and place it next to the couch. Then I sat on the couch, placed one hand in the
cage, holding a millet spray. (this way the will associate your hand with food,
and birds love food lol) Then I turned on the tv and watch. This way they will
see that your hand is good and its not going to grab them or hurt them. Do this
for about one hour. (you can take breaks if you have too) and repeat the steps
after about 2 hours. 3) After about day 2, they will start to eating the millet
spray from your hand. (do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will
associate you as the person who takes away their food)....Then take your finger
and place it under their belly, in front of their feet and say up. Push you
finger to their feet gently and say up. ( the first couple of times they will
fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get
used to you) They will have no choice but to go on your finger. When they see
that you arnt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up. 4) If
they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying. Do not
hit, yell, or harm them. You have patience. Dont give up! After a couple of
weeks mines knows when I say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder, when I say
up it means to jump up on my finger, when I say up and out it means up on my
finger and out of the cage. and when I say go home it means to go in the cage.
Good luck! They worked for me and I hope they worked for you! They are
awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over
a finch. 

a parakeet is friendlier 

Parakeet. They are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them. They are
also friendly. I have a parakeet named Cookie . :P 

When is the best time to travel to Ireland? 

My sister and I would like to go to Ireland. I graduate in the spring, and so
we'd like to go between then and winter. We don't want too many tourists, and
since we'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June
to early November. We don't want it to be too cold (not sure when exactly there
fall is... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months),
but we don't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either. We're
both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while
we're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier! Can anyone
give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be? 

People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable. One
thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February, but winter woollies in March
and even during the summer. And then there’s the rain. Ireland receives a lot of
rain, with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year.
County Kerry is the worst affected. The southeast is the driest, enjoying a more
continental climate. The Irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’
principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes
to the behaviour of the sky. Some basic assumptions, however, can be made. In
summer, from May to July, the days are reasonably warm and – most importantly –
very long: at the height of summer you won’t need to turn on lights until after
10pm. It is also peak tourist season, which means there are far more people just
about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island, and prices are at
their highest. Not surprisingly, most of the yearly festivals occur during these
times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather.
Spring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) make good
alternatives, although the country’s ever-growing popularity as a tourist
destination can often blur the lines between mid- and high-season tourism.
Still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet, and the weather can be
surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again, it’s all
part of the uncertainty principle. Spring festivities include the ever-popular
St Patrick’s Festival. Although temperatures do not often venture below
freezing, winter (December to February) can be brutal, for huge parts of the
country – the west and northwest in particular. Crowds are at their thinnest,
but many of the country’s tourist attractions and services close down in October
and don’t reopen until Easter, which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more
convincing taste of how Ireland is experienced by most of the Irish: it’s cold,
grey and dark by 5pm, but there’s always a pub to escape into when the rain
starts sheeting down. The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you,
clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up.
Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella.. As that famous
Scotsman Billy Connolly says "there is no such thing as bad weather just the
wrong clothes" Afraid I cannot be more helpful, it is really a case of pot luck,
although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into
a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa. 

If you mean the Republic of Ireland (Dublin) then anytime. The summer there is
much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?). Their seasons
are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest
fall. It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best
bet. September for example. Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin
seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime. 

To explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a
car because public transport is expensive & only goes as far as the main
towns/cities, most rural places don't have a bus or train service. You could
stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula
but you will be with all the other tourists. By definition most tourists will go
to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the
way. Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May
but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared
with waterproof jackets/boots etc. We only had a few sunny days this summer,
barely 24C on a few occasions, more like 14C most days. We used our BBQ on
precisely 4 occasions. Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather
goes if not officially according to the calender. The days start to shorten & it
gets even wetter, windier & colder. We had frosts in October so I wouldn't
advise visiting late in the year to be honest, Spring time is your best bet. You
do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland? You are going to need a few
thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation & spending
money. Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I
believe. 

Golden Wonder KilliFish Breeding Help? 

I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish. 1 of them is really colorful and is about 6cm
long. 2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4-5cm long. The last one is
colourful too but it is about 4cm long. I feed them Flakes, and Live Earthworms
uncut everyday. Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking
care of the babies? Thanks in Advance. 

Wow! If they are able to take earthworms uncut, that is really impressive! I
aspire to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the
day.Worms (and Daphnia) are also rich in Lipids, substances important in forming
eggs and growing young. I think that you understand that your largest and
smallest golden wonders are males. If you would like more on sexing out
Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below. If
you have plants in your tank. your lineatus are already spawning. If conditions
are favorable (78-82 F) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are, they
will spawn. (I've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating
thermometer! If you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop. Checkout the
second source. I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs ,more easily
and the fish look better next to them. Use a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork,
new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them. There
are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating
them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated,
seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the
fry can hatch out there. If you have the room to separate the male(s) &
females(s),& feed them well on live foods, (assuming that you are doing weekly
50% water changes) when you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs.
Just making up examples, but if a pair is constantly together, they may lay
10-15 eggs a day. With extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed)
frozen foods earlier in the day, they may leave 30-40 eggs at a time. Separated
and feed extremely nourishing stuff, they may produce more. Separating a pair
some time before a show (killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as
pairs) will encourage them to court and show their best colors. They also start
the day with no nicks or dings in their fins. The water changes help with that
too. You also may need to treat the incubation water. The chlorine and ammonia
(choramine) are not good for the eggs. Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave
the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill
microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs. THEN put the eggs in water
treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to
"breathe". Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult's
desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone. If a pair
isn't leaving eggs... check the following: 1. Is a tank mate (such as another
female killie or a Cory or large snails) rating the eggs? 2. Have we kept up
with partial water changes? 3. Is there too much mineral in the water? Aplo.
lineatus are wide-spread over southern India. That indicates that they thrive in
different water chemistries. Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness
or TDS (total Dissolved Solids) test, that may give you a hint.Winging it a
little here, a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM (parts per million) or 5.8 to
10.6 DH should be fine for gardneri. TDS meters (the thrifty aquarist's hardness
meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department's
annual reports. They include a number of minerals there and you can figure out
what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals (calcium, magnesium and
iron). A number of minerals are not of much consequence. However if there is a
high level of sodium chloride (common salt) that can break down the chorion
(shell) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and
embryo.) Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water
with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water
treatment and left open to "breathe". If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine
vial, that is fine. But get the eggs out, maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and
then into the incubation water. In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping
container. After a number of people began complaining about "mystery
deaths"among incubating eggs, some of the more advanced killie people began
suggesting that after 7-8 days of incubation, one should do a 100% water change
- as the eggs develop, they do release waste material. Another problem is that
sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the
eggs. Some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to slow down the
fungus, so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper. Other will
add a drop of Methylene blue. If an egg turns blue, it had died and then became
dyed as the outer membrane broke down. Get those out ASAP too. Hope there is
useful grist for the mill here. 

Disney cruise line with young ones? 

I will be taking my 3 and 4 yr olds. What is the best time of year? Should I get
a balcony? Any tips or advice to make this a great experience?? Thanks!!! 

It is vacation time. Many families are set to plan a best holidaying. They look
for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation. There can be many ideas;
one can see numerous options passing through their mind. What is the best
option? Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and
kids, which best suit you can select? Disney cruises, is a simple answer to
this. There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to
have a enjoyable holiday tour. From 1998 onwards, from its inception Disney
cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more. This is a
spectacular ship, a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time.
The ship is designed thematically, with imposing animated cartoon characters. Do
you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young
ones? No, the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney
cruise are very attractive to people of all ages. Whatever be the age, you will
have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day-to-day
activities. Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities.
There are two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonder. Both are made keeping in
mind the comforts of the travelers. Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services,
and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like. It has got very spacious
rooms, furnished completely and neatly. These are decorated uniquely and
marvelously. The ship offers variety of eatables, deliciously made. Sea fishes,
prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard. There
are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well. There are special
regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children. They can spend many
hours enjoying the Disney world magic. These theme parks have all types of
facilities. Video shows, cartoon stories, wonderful games and many such
facilities. It is really an entertainment for the kids. The amusing world of
cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children. There are
other amnesties also. These include space for dances and music, bar facility,
gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many
such nice facilities. Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the
time in seclusion. To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option.
There are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates.
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior
to the booking........ 

Off season is good, however, the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely
booked. I would suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer.
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays. We
REALLY enjoyed our balcony-- coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing
outside when docking and leaving port-- however, it is quite a bit more
expensive. With young ones, I would definitely get a window or view room so they
can see outside. Check out the kids' space as soon as you get onboard. Do NOT
feel guilty about taking them there. They have a BLAST so the sooner they get
there, the sooner they can have fun. We liked getting the late dinner seating,
so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are 'early to
bed' you may want the earlier seating for dinners. Bring some sort of magnet or
small magnetic whiteboard for your door. All of the doors tend to look alike and
having 'something' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier.
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family (husband) about where you
are at any given point. Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a
'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard. Each evening
you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities
for the next day. We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we
felt we 'had' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just
chilling. 

Any time would be great. off season cruises might actually be better with
preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season. My wife and I, in our
60's at the time, originally planned a 3 generation trip but some family
emergencies caused everyone else to cancel. We had a ball. We had an inside
cabin and it is what I would recommend. There are so many things to do that you
will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is
wasted. The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many
activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones. The range
of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities. There is a
splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers; Next is a
wading pool for those who are potty trained; Then a family pool; Finally there
is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed. You will never be so spoiled in
your life as you are on a Disney Cruise. If you stay with your dining schedule,
every night is dinner and a show. The real payoff is that you will have the same
waiter for the entire cruise. Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like
Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less
spicy fare. Since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with
their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did. Obviously they had a full
beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it. If you should miss a
meal, you also missed a great show. but food is always available and it is
consistently good. I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise. 

This is about my farrier, girls. That's why I'm posting here! Help? 

I posted this in singles and dating too, so I've just copied and pasted. Well,
I'll try to make this short. I have known this guy for a long time, but we've
never been good friends or anything. He is my farrier (shoes my horses feet) so
I am technically a client if you want to view it that way. Well, almost two
weeks ago he came out and did my horses feet and was SO flirty. He always hugs
me when he comes, but he gave me at least 5 tight, long, back rubbing hugs while
he was there. We were also just talking about my horse's crappy feet and he
mentioned. "Well, if you ever just want to see me I'll come out and look him
over and then we can grab a coffee after." That has NEVER happened before so I
was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested. Right??
Anyway, so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horses foot(I've never heard
of a farrier doing this) and telling me to call him in a few days(first it was a
week, then it was a few days lol) and he'd come back out and put it in. He told
me to remember to call like 3 times before he left. So, I waited a week to call
because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more
available in case we were to hang out after ;) Anyway, so that was 2 days ago
that I called and left a message, but he still hasn't called back yet. I don't
know if I should call him again tomorrow or not? I know a lot of people say to
wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically
that's all I am at this point. On the other hand though, if I'm a client he
should really of called back by now because you don't leave a customer hanging.
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM
instead of his dad. It's a father and son business. Anyway, I would appreciate
ANY insight on this at all. Thank you for reading if you did! :) Ok, well as far
as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - That is not the case, they
are extremely well known farriers in the area. I would be a lot more concerned
if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail. The reason he said
he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my
horse's horrible feet. This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's
feet because I just switched back to them. The only reason I switched away from
them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was
starting out on his own. However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO
WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier). Which, I might add is the same
foot that keeps crumbling with the nails. So, obviously I switched back to these
guys. Ok, calm down, it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me
lol. I've known the guy for about 10 years. I am 21, so yeah we were both kids
when we knew each other! He is a few years older than me. And yes, I do like
him. To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's
waiting for. On the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey
I'm busy right now, I'll call you when I can come out. And as far as scheduled
visits go, I have no idea. I've never done that before though either. It's
always just "Okay, they're feet need to be done, better call the farrier." And
they usually come out within a few days. 

He will call you back Im sure! Sounds like He really likes you.. But you need to
ask yourself do you feel the same way? would You like going for *coffee* with
him? or is he Not your type? Or are you undecided? If i were you I would Go... I
would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be
playing hard to get? I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to
come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming.. Edit... I really dont
think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing.. I have seen
horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he
had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to... I really do belive he left the
nail out becuse of the horses Hoof condition and Its a added bonus he would get
to see her again When I was Younger In my early 20s My farrier was A hottie
named Joby..( for those who don't Know I AM A GIRL read my Bio on my Page) dumb
as a post about everything But horses.. He was In his 30s divorced and Had 2
kids.. but we both flirted Horribly with each other.. but neither one of us took
the chance and Asked to other on a date. :( sorta wonder what it would have been
like? But That was Years ago. He had this Habit of telling you Everything.. Well
one day he said to me You know i don't wear Underwear as he was bent over
Working on my Mares Right front hoof.. and I was Like Ummmm okay??? Im glad his
butt was facing me so he couldn't see my red face I think my Mare was even
laughing.. Well 6 weeks Later when he came back out He was again working on my
mares front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah he had Wholes In his pants In the
wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like what??? I was like Ummmm i can
see your ass cheeks...he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear??? that was a
strange way to flirt.. but i guss it was his way... But like i said nothing ever
came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a
girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up.. I was heartbroken.. but then
realized He was not the Guy for me.. 

Wow he does sound interested in you, my farrier never gives me hugs like that
(probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids) anyway, I find that they can
be very busy so I would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a
call but don’t leave a message so you don’t have to necessarily wait for him to
call. 

From the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationships, he's
doing a really shitty job. Leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come
back out later? Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a
sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting
or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first. This is, after
all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he
doing shoddy work? 

EPM, Anyone Dealt with it? Might be something different? 

I have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free. He's not
lame, but he's been having issues. Here's what the owner has said: I have a 5
year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months
ago. I chalked it up to possible nerve damage, because this is what the vet
thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems. So I
sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels. I
got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed
that to be worked everyday (I expected him to drop some). He is now losing the
cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the
day. Had him to a dentist yesterday and there is no teeth problems. He can eat
all his feed and doesn't drop any, but cannot eat hay from lack of muscle to
chew it. He is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle. The
only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and
sometimes has trouble with his right lead. The horse I had posted about a couple
weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life.
I CANNOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him. NO, I have not done an EPM
test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological
physical exam. We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO
neurological signs. He is still showing no signs other than the weight loss, and
some muscle atrophy. He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to
get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws. So I might get the
horse and see what I can do. I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get
him, have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test. Will be getting a
copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well. My other theory
would be wobblers. I'll be having my equine chiro/acupuncturist out to do some
work as well if I do get him.... So any ideas? Think I should do it? Arby, Horse
is out of state and not local. Owner is willing to meet me half way with him. I
will be calling my vet and chiro about him. Worse comes to worse, I'm out of the
$$ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament. He's still
rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle. This is a horse that
I otherwise wouldn't be able to afford and even if I spend 2K and treatment I
come out ahead of his purchase price. I posted what the owner as said in
paragraph 2 & 3, that is not me to clarify. She is the one that can't afford to
do anything else for him in case he doesn't recover fully. He can eat grain and
I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular
hay. I don't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat
the grain. I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford. I am willing to
pull the EPM test and treat. The owner is the one who is unable. I will also be
having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for
wobblers. July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and
vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the
pasture with no visible injury. He's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle
atrophy, with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead
(which could or couldn't be related). The horse is not in pain. He's not
starving. He's dropping we The horse is not in pain. He's not starving. He's
dropping weight, but most of that came from being at the trainers and being
ridden hard for 60 days. He's not putting it back on. I know that I have the
possibility of treating him and still having to put him down. At the same time I
do know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM. I know this
is going to be expensive. I'm willing to give it a shot. Gallop, I've already
read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the
research colleges as well. Looked at studies, treatment options and such. I will
have the EPM test done before treating. The chiro/acupuncturist will be there to
evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and
can be confused with EPM. If that is the case then acupuncture isn't going to
hurt him. It's actually one of the alternative therapies for EPM 

I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes
open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals (and a bunch of
Yahoos) before you decide to take this horse on. I do think some Y!A users need
to work on their reading comprehension as I can't comprehend how taking a horse
in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse. Worst case
scenario you fall in love and after spending thousands of dollars you have to
put the horse down. Is that something you are up for? If so go for it and I'll
give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up. It is
heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down, but
some horses are worth the risk. If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope
your vet can figure things out. As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we've had
to deal with it. Pretty much every large stable has here. Our first diagnosed
EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the US and only an
experimental chicken feed additive in Canada. We hauled the horse to Windsor and
got him treated there. 

That horse returned to racing and we didn't notice much difference. We've had a
few since then, but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida. I
have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing
out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers, but we haven't had an
EPM horse in at least 10 years. I can say all of our EPM horses were treated
early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to
racing. One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM. We've
always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mile. The
only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the
smaller tracks after. It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big
trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get
those gangly bodies around those tighter turns. I don't know. MSU does a lot of
EPM studies because of how common it is here. You may want to see if you can get
in touch with their EPM group and get this guy in a study. I know they did lab
work showing that Strongid C used daily could help prevent EPM. I believe they
have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now, but it may
be sometime before those results are released. Another thought with this being a
mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile? West Nile can cause EPM like
symptoms and doesn't always include a fever. Let us know what you decide to do.
You hate to see talent get wasted, but honestly I don't think I could take in a
horse right now these issues. 

Personally I think you should just keep on walking by. You should have you chiro
out before you decide if you want this horse or not. If you have a good repoire
(which I'm sure you do) with them, they should be honest on if this horse is
fixable to any degree... not really sure what you want to do with him... Even if
you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh, there is always the
chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in
the future. So all in all, put the money up front before taking on this horse. A
few hundred out of pocket now will possibly save you thousands once the horse is
in your name. 

Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy? Or a difficult birth?
Was it always like this? Or has it occurred since birth. I also wonder if he
might have had a slight stroke? I think if you cannot afford to get him treated
that you should not consider him as a prospect. Who knows what the future might
hold, and it might be expensive? 

Extremely bad customer service 

Do not go to this salon, especially if you have to get your hair straightened.
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to
ask them why it didn't work for my hair. Rude, insensitive, discourteous
people!!!!! 

Great Doc 

Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective
that a regular doctor. He didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he used his
bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable. My neck is
fixed!. He knows what hes doing. 

Our Wedding 11/7/08 

We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed. Cj and company did
all that we ask and 10 times more. The food was out standing. If you need a
cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones. Thanks again
Saucey's. Mark 

Excellent Tattoo Shop 

I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier. It came out
better than I even imagined. The shop was great, the service was excellent and
the employees were fun guys. I would highly recommend this shop to anyone
looking to get a quality tattoo done. 

Good and Bad 

I had to take care of the ants myself. But I found the location wonderful and
the neighbors very kind. Never had a problem with the staff and found them very
helpful when something went wrong. Loved the pool and BBQ. Because of the ants I
dropped them to a 3 star. 

Great pet care 

I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care
for my two dogs. Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals. The
real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like
her. I highly recommend her. 

I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and
Tours Agents in Chennai, India offered me Student Tour India Package for very
less price. I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India
heritage tours for valuable. Thanks for Bright Star Tours. 

these guys were fantastic! they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an
hour. the guy came on time and didn't take any breaks, he went straight to work
and finished the job efficiently and promptly! i couldn't be more happier with
the way my garage looks. GREAT JOB GUYS! 

A+ 

I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i
got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great.
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer, i would recommend
you go to him. David 

This office is awesome! everyone here is super friendly and efficient! its great
to know you can get great service, great product, and for the best price all in
one! I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way!! i'll be
coming back for years to come! 

Criminal Attorney Dallas 

Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously
supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome. As a qualified
criminal defense attorney, he will work every possible legal "angle" (leaving no
stone unturned) of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible. 

Food was cold 

I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up
not cooked after you order it. I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold.
Price and taste is good. I will be happy if they can serve when food is piping
hot. KB 

FAST and reasonable$ 

We went to Kobeys on Saturday and had our whole teams uniforms done! He was less
than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch.
Down to earth and fast service. Going back to have some lab coats done this
weekend! 

We love Little Farmer 

We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it!! They even want to go to school on the
weekends!! They are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to
seeing his teacher and friends everyday. My infant is content everyday when I
drop off and pick up. 

PAT testing quick & efficient 

I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT
tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment, and supplied a
certificate for only 70p per unit. Fantastic, quick and efficient service. How
rare! Well done. 

My favorite florist! 

I came to La Crosse to go to college, and my mom would send me birthday flowers
though here. They were beautiful and lasted forever! Now that I live here, this
is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers! Hands down, best
place in the area! 

I <3 Max's 

Excellent bagels and excellent service! I go in about every morning to get
bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max's are great!! They
are friendly and fast. I have never had a problem with their hours because I
always go during the mornings. They are great! 

prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving
school in edmonton, but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street, hence
I took one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of
changing lane, and found them very friendly and professional. 

Great Doctor! 

Dr. Faris is a great doctor! I would recommend him to anyone. I was experiencing
severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit. I went
from a pain scale of 8-9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week
later!! 

happy customer 

Mr. Squeege is THE BEST. Prompt, Clean Windows. Affordable pricing. Friendly
responses. How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort? They
have been my only "go-to" resource since we first did business together. You
will find the same to be true for you. 

Fantastic Place to buy your next vehicle 

We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark. This is car number 3
we've purchased through them. We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that
he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs! Thank you again for
great customer service! 

Range Rover Sport Window Tints 

Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd, did a very Professional job very quick, no
fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home,Great arrangement Great
price!! Highly recommended!! Thanks Mark. Steve.... proud Range Rover Sport
owner (with rear tints) 

In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable
prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers
very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big
companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thanks 

Great pub 

Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant. It has to be one of
the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it
has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area. Good beer good service and
what more could you want. 

awful awful awful 

This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in. The salespeople are
never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a
sale. Incredibly rude and I will not return to it. Is there no other Verizon to
go to around Downtown/Dupont Circle1?!?!? 

Great graphic design work! 

Fresh Design Studio helped jump-start my own business by providing affordable
and effective marketing materials: logo, flyers, posters ad design, and more.
They have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time. I enjoy working with
this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone. 

Great Surgeon 

I needed wisdom teeth taken out. Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent. They were
accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the
surgery. Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me.
Staff explained insurance procedures and was very helpful. Everyone was very
nice. 

The best in the area! 

I've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by
far the best. I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them. The
artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable. I would recommend this
shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo. 

Cathy ******Five Stars for Lake Forest Tots. The program has been a postive
experience for my children. I have had all three of my children attend Lake
Forest Tots. The program is well established and we have been extremely
satisfied with the teachers, the programs and the director. Good job, Lake
Forest Tots! 

Great Wine & Service 

This place is so great! They have a great selection of wine from all over the
world with all different prices. The employees make you feel very comfortable
and are very helpful, whether you are very knowledgeable or don't know anything
at all about wine. Check out their wine tastings every Friday night! 

A+ 

Excellent customer service and honest feedback. The team at Bradley Chevron kept
my car running for well past its expected death! They are honest about
'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs and have very fair prices.
Such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and
beverage right around corner. 

Needs to go out of business 

They close whenever they feel like it, often well before their listed closing
time. Their store is dusty, dirty and feels like you're stepping into the 1970s.
They don't take coupons. They have a credit card minimum. This place is the
opposite of QuikTrip: crappy in every way. 

Where else can you go for $10 and recieve this treatment?! 

Awesome haircut at awesome price right here in Palatine! Who can pass up a hot
towel and a straight edge neck shave! I've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have
paid more in other salons/barbershops and have not received this kind of
treatment or cut! 

Baffled by the one-star reviews 

I don't get it. This place is awesome, with a great ambiance and cool décor, and
the food is scrumptious (and especially their signature banana split). Sure,
some items are a little pricey, but c'mon... have you ever been out to eat in
Seattle before? 

I've only had good experiences at Adorn, I was greeted and offered a
refreshment. I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way
she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my
hair is perfect. I always leave loving my hair style. 

Best Chineese food in the area 

The food here is fresh and hot out of the Wok. The food is cooked fast by the
two chefs on duty. The lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for
about $6. It is busy every day at lunch for a reason, the service is fast and
the food is great. 

Pure Pilates!! 

It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would
not go anywhere else. It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work
taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others. The teachers
are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients. 

I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not
use them in the end(as our building contractor carried out the electrical work),
they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and
subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor.
Thoroughly recommended 

They really go above and beyond! For example, I actually forgot to feed my cat,
and they went out of their way to take care of him. Additionally, when there was
confusion (my fault), they left me flowers along with a personalized gift. They
have been 100% reliable and professional. Definitely recommend! 

heating system Angels 

seriously, can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without
heat? I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves
much monies fo repairs round the House....Comfort zone came out and did my house
heat on the cheap. and it works! Thank you Comfort Zone 

Slowest, Unfriendly Sstaff on Weekends 

There are three Starbucks locations that I frequent. I have a bit of experience
watching the usual assembly line. I also understand that weekend staffs are
different than daytime staffs and not necessarily Starbucks A-team or even
full-time. But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER. 

Skip te rest - this is the best 

Absolutely great ! Clean, updated room, friendly staff, safe location. Staff is
super friendly, treat you as a friend. Cannot ask for a better experience. Will
be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near. Overall, Joe is a happy
camper who has found a great spot. 

PHOTOS DONE WELL 

I Love Hellada Gallery! Marek Dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart
in his business - If you are into old fashion (Not Digital) quality photography
this is best place in Long Beach as I think not many folks can do affordable
traditional photos anymore I know Marek personaly and I will always recommend
him 

BAD COFFEE, DONT BOTHER! 

Can't you make a decent cup of coffee? You charge SO MUCH, yet you use the same
grounds over and over again. The coffee taste BURNT and very bitter. No amount
of sugar and milk can mask it. CHANGE THE PROCESS, PPL! Westfield and Rt 1 do it
well, WHY CANT U???? 

Home made product 

I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a sunday afternoon. I
love the people, the product and the service! Nothing compares to a home made
product that really stands the test of time. - The Brick, Ikea, and Leon's have
their place. But furniture like this will truly be around forever. 

The internet here is terrible. Like the previous poster said, the com lines are
split between the entire building. That's 3x worse than Qwest DSL's lowest speed
offering! The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice, but
everything inside is cheap cheap cheap. Moving out as soon as our lease is up.
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png 

Awesome!!!! 

Yes my G1 screen is back working. They was about to Charge me $129...But i paid
$100. they save me from having to deal with Tmobile... Tmobile want to Send of
my phone and i didn't want to go thru that... 3 Days For get that... Great
service. I would recommend them to anyone.. 

Great out night! You can't go wrong with Tuesday prices, even if you get quite
the mixed bag of comedians! Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish
they had a bit more on their food menu, although popcorn is a nice touch! (other
items: chicken fingers, wings, asian pizza, and yam and regular fries) 

Their food and sweets are awesome. But service is very poor. Attitude of staff
very bad. Never gives a receipt. Sometimes even gives wrong dish. So confused at
the payment area. Line up is so stupid. Even if you line up. To make a order you
may have to go to back of line. And then wait again. Not organised. 

Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored
at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and ive been
going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair
done for my wedding it looked fabolous ! and there prices are really good! 

Best food in northeast 

Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east
reigon. Food here is absolutely superb. Everything is delicous and cooked
perfectly. The waiting staff is beyond impeccable (they refold your napkin when
you go to the bathroom). If you want great food then L'espalier is the place to
go. 

I didn't end up buying my car here, but I did think the guy who worked with me
was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a
lot to me. Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance
tasks for free, even if you didn't buy your car there! 

The Best Deals in Town 

Before you buy ANYTHING in NY, make sure you stop by Jack-s first. Their
selection is random, so what they have on a given week might never be available
again at the store. I love it for discounted beauty items and household
appliances. Trust me, you go there once and you-ll always go back! 

First Time Ballerina 

My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time. I'ma soccer mom so
I wasn't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear. The staff was
very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina. The
service at Instep was great!! I would recommend them to anyone! 

Outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price! 

This place is top notch and highly affordable! I would recommend it hands down
and am a loyal customer. I've also sent over a number of friends to use the
services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased! Thanks for doing such
great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great! 

Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions. Twice for dinner and once for lunch
Absolutely rude service every time! The staff will not even answer the phone for
take out. Tonight, I called several times with no answer (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm)
and finally drove there to place my order in person. There was not a customer to
be found. 

we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted
this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our
house and keep it maintained. Since then we have decided to have them manage our
other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer
perform all the inquires. Great help! 

We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I'm extremely
happy with the whole thing. From the amount of time spent with us to explain
things during the initial quote, to the communication through the approval
process to the actual workmanship of the build itself. I have nothing bad to
say. Very glad that we went with them. 

No Customer Service 

Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other,
while myself and other customers were completely ignored. Another person in the
store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales persons
attention. It wasn't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked
Can I help you. 

do NOT bring your car here 

I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station. Yes, they accepted it. However,
during the test, they did whatever they can to get my test failed. Then, they
sold me overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank cap, so that my car can pass it
right away. I ended up paying much more. 

Are you kidding me? 

I don't get it. Spongy and sweet bread (microwaved?), heartless salsa, tiny
dogs...You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card
receipt. The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude. If this is the best that
Tucson has to offer, I am outta here... 

I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache. Dr. Obina told
me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday. I had
been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on
crowns etc. There are plenty of good dentists in Fernandina. Don't go to Amelia
Gentle Dentistry. 

Good location 

For a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet. What you get
is a $13/day charge to access the internet through a slow 512/512kb/s that you
can only use to check email etc (Read: No downloading). Other than that the
hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great 

Make You Feel Like a Number 

Stay away from Kids First West Chester. You NEVER get a human on the phone. It's
impossible to get an appointment. If you get caught in traffic and are a couple
minutes late they make you re-schedule... for 6 weeks later. And worst of all
your child feels like a number not a patient. Go somewhere else. 

Rcommended by bees, too! 

Highly recommended. Joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we
appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt, friendly and
informative service. No spraying of pesticides! Very professional. Reasonable
rate. We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home
owners and condos. He knows his bees! Suzanne, Vancouver 

Very Accomodating 

We were in Springfield, IL for a family funeral from Kansas City. We arrived
early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we
were in. The rooms were very clean, including the microwave and refrigerator.
This is a nice place, and I know we will return to meet my sister-in-law from
Chicago!! 

GREAT SERVICE AND PEOPLE!! Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest
of the staff were great!!! She continues to help me when needed even if I have a
service question. Since I'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help
me out when needed. This was after I brought the car!!!!! Service does not get
any better!!!! 

Hidden Gem in Alpharetta 

This French born, French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste
fresh, locally sourced, fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of
locations. Try their weekend "tastings" which you can learn about by getting on
their weekly email list. It's the best meal for the money you will find in all
of metro Atlanta. 

Le petit is the best place to get your nails done! It is very clean, staff is
friendly, and I have never waited! I go every other week for the shallac/gel
manicure which is only $25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks! I love it. Pedicures are
also great. Try this place out! I promise you will not be disappointed! 

Amazing Pictures at an Amazing Price 

Rendy is totally amazing. She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and
made my wedding day so memorable. She was way easy to work with and made my
wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures, not only of me, but of my
family and friends. She is amazing. I would recommend her to anyone! 

So very delicious! Excellent! 

November 7, 2010 First time eating at Caffe Bella Italia and it was a wonderful
experience. From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and
the Parmigiana and ending with gelato, all was mouth watering. Too bad they were
out of the Chocolate Lava Cake. Maybe next time they will have it. Service was
excellent! Sandy 

Beware of Sharayu Hopless service, at the time of booking my car a lot was
promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised. Apart from that
in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to
even lodge an official complaint. My advise to all is I have fallen into this
trap ... pl ensure you dont!!! 

Course has come a long way!! 

HCC's new nine was a little shaky at first, but the NEW grounds superintendant
has done wonders for the course!! The comment below definitely needs to be
retracted! Come back and give HCC a second chance at least! It is a great course
for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very
positive!! 

Excellent Physiotherapists! 

Kusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios are unbelievable! I have been
suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous
specialists, physios, osteos and chiros with no help. It took the Vigor team
only 4 visits to get me feeling normal! And now 2 months after my last
appointment I am better than ever. Thanks guys! 

They must have read these reviews and improved! 

My husband and I happened in on a whim. We sat in the front dining area, it was
very cozy and pleasant. Our server was quite attentive and the food was
fantastic. My husband has been a professional chef, so he is a good judge of
quality food. This was a flavorful, enjoyable meal for both of us. 

Rude Rude Rude 

went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him
back to get evened up what a mistake! she didnt even let me finish a sentence
without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it!i wont go back!
she needs to develop a personality !brought dog home and its all choppy now! 

It's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting. If you watch a lot of
fights (youtube) and research some of the history
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullfighting) you will find yourself enjoying it a
lot more! Also after seeing a handful of bullfights, I can say that they're a
lot more enjoyable if you're smashed (BAC>= .15). 

All I can say is that I am glad I went in! The nurses are sweet as pie and the
doctor is wonderful. This place is about healing, not making a buck.The followup
visit is FREE!! After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no
way I won't be back here!! I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this
clinic. THANK YOU!! 

I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted
(a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price. Someone else
I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less
warranty. It was a no brainer really. I choose Console Pros and I'm happy I did.

This place is bad. It's dark, dingy & dirty. The salads are limp and the rest of
the food isn't any better (ok, the nachos are not too bad!) This place may have
been something sometime; but it way past it "sell by date". I have eaten here
twice in the past year and will not go back and cannot recommend it. 

Top range of bike, cheap prices, excellent a+++ 

yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day. it wasent going an had a gear box
problem.... i coldn't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and
they fixed it for $150... thanks guys goes really well and thaks 4 the cheap
price.. excellent, top guys a+++++ reccommend to anyone!!!!!!!!!! 

Hams on Friendly ... RIP 

This is the original Ham's restaurant, expanded into a regional chain in the
late 80's -- but this one is no more. Victim of hard times and I suspect failing
corporate management. According to news accounts, the company is struggling. I
have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago. So long Hams ...
you will be missed. 

We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window. Our window panes
were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them. We called
few companies before we decide to hire them. They came on time and completed
their work quickly. We were very happy how clean looked our windows. If you have
some problems with your windows, you should call them. 

Great help even near closing time! 

I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers! Oh no!! I came in 30 min
before close and the staff was super helpful. They spent a lot of time with me
and got me into a great pair of shoes. I think they may even be better than the
pair I have been using this past year! Thanks Run on! 

Great 

This is a perfect place to get your hair done. I have gone there time and time
again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut. When I get
my hair done there, they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin
your hair. The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy, but
the wait is worthwhile. 

Highly Recommend 

I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for
years and have never been disappointed. No matter what state I am in when I
arrive, I always leave feeling better. She has not only helped me through some
challenging computer-work and sports related injuries, she was wonderful to work
with throughout my pregnancy and beyond. I highly recommend her. 

Best Store In Boothbay Harbor 

What a fantastic store, I love this place. Not the same old stuff that all the
other stores have. Their items are very unique, great quality, great prices.
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the
grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the
winter. 

The BEST 

Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my
daughters. Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children, but also positive
and to the point with the parents. She is and excellent doctor to have on one's
team. Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my
daughters will have the BEST! 

My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home
for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved. I finally called Matt
from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable. He was
prompt, knowledgable, friendly, clean and just an overall great guy who
obviously cares about his business. I will reccommend his services
however/whenever possible! 

Real pros 

I've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers. I tell
them: why not just go with these guys? Richard Joule and the gang are pros from
start to finish. They set out to exceed your expectations. Already I'm
considering future projects, and I can assure you that for my printing needs I
will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing. 

I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad! They have messed up my
order and.... The food was just not good! I had sonic in many other palces but
for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good... :( I
hope they get there act together... I am going to give it one last chance in
next few months and see?? 

I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS.
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY. PLEASE DON'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO: CRY, HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE. THEY
WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL
CHANGE THE PRICE, I GUARANTEE IT. 

You've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home. I am hiring them to come
once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an
hour and a half every two weeks! Satisfactory for sure with the sercvice! Beats
having one "cleaning lady" who took twice as long and did not do a very through
job like the "maids" did! 

This place has the best baby and childrens clothes. Especially high end keep
sake sort of clothing that you just cant find in a lot of stores. It is all very
unique and you wont find any other baby wearing the same stuff. I spent quite a
bit because I spoil my little princess. Afterall she will only be a baby for so
long I figure why not enjoy it. 

Antique Lighting, Fixtures, Chicago 

Great place for Antique Lighting! I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom
and all I have to say is WOW!! Lots of collections, many antique light fixtures,
Chandeliers, custom lighting etc. I think they have the largest collection for
Chandeliers Chicago. Antiques, Vintage, Contemporary & Modern Chandeliers. I
would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration
Chicago 

Great Food Awesome food Awesome service 

I wanted to try someplace new again. This place rocked. Brought my wife Deb with
me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good.. We also had the
BBQ Spare Ribs.. good also. I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great.. I also
ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome... so this place gets 5 out of 5
stars. 

DO NOT GO HERE!!! I went to get my nails filled Friday, by Monday 2 were broken.
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the
exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail. I also had a
pedicure, and they cut my nails too short, one of my big toes looks like its
getting infected. 

No way. 

I'm certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of Vietnamese
food but I wanted to try the real things here at A Dong. Cold, slimy, tasteless
however is the same in all languages and foods. Not good, not great, and again
another disappointment in Central Iowa. How do these places stay in business.
This town needs some food soul and this is not it. 

Worth Every Penny 

My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night, and our experience was amazing.
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and was presented perfectly.
The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had. Then the
desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had. I will sum
it up with, it was worth every penny! 

BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT EVER!!! 

It was the best Chinese food I have ever had. All the food tasted excellent, and
with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom, it is awesome. The people
working their are also extremely polite and friendly. Every time I go, Kevin,
the manager, will always remember my family and I. Overall, it is very family
oriented, and I recommend it to everyone!!! 

Furnace repair 

Tiger Heating is awesome. I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my
exhaust motor replaced. These guys were absolutely professional. John was here
in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning. If you
need someone to help you out with your heating problems, I DEFINITELY would call
TIGER HEATING and AIR. Absolutely a wonderful company. My family and I thank
you!!!!!!!!!! 

They Suck 

Go somewhere else... Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700. After
searching high and low for a salesman, I was treated like dirt, and we left.
Parts department blows, Service department is even worse. I live 10 minutes from
Cycle City, but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange,
dealt with the owner, Levi, and was well taken care of. 

Professional and inspiring 

Nigel from Nidd Design has always provided a first class service, from his
advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning
applications. His knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning
application, ensuring compliance with the building regulations. Once you have
met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else. He really does turn your
dreams into reality for your home! 

We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but
they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close. Got the crab
rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp
satay which was also good. Def going to come back and try this place again. Bea
was really nice and asked how the food was. Cute place also 

As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic
Mexican food. However, I still like this place a lot. Esp. the mole, tortilla
soup, and guacamole. Margaritas are alright. My only complaint is the QUESO. It
used to be fabulous, why did you guys change it?? Queso should not be watery :(
..... ***update*** NEVER MIND! They fixed the queso! Thankyouthankyou 

There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston....don't.waste your
time here. I had the morelias enchiladas. The sauce was dry and the enchiladas
did not taste good.at all. In fact my friend vomited after our meal. Maybe we
ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor. Service was okay not
great, we came for a late lunch. I don't recommend this place. 

Skylight repair 

My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew. James Bateman came
the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently. He also
inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention.
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction. When the
next hailstorm blows through, I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas
Construction. 

tricky short guy 

The new management is tricky and talk you into getting video rental agreement.
To my surprise $20 deposit.... New movies not on shelf..under the counter for
Telugu Speaking people only... or people who spend $30 or more groceries.. That
did it for me..no more Raina's. Besides parking is a pain..cramped and un-ruly
with Kumon Parents next door....gives me heebee gee bees' 

Small Firm with Great Service 

Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem, and Seth Bloom took the time to
help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with. I much preferred the
one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and
firms. While I hope I don't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon, if I do
I'll definitely use this firm again. 

Used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their
professionalism (received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm
details) and the subsequent delivery of my gift (To Split, Croatia) was as
requested. The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the
catalogue and of the highest standard. Would highly recommend to anyone
requiring overseas gift delivery. Danny (Australia) 

I LOVE MY GYM! 

FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out
daily. If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere
then you have chosen the best place to be. This is the most humble gym you will
every step into.... if you dare to work on your body don't be surprised when you
see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be!! 

Over-rated... 

This restaurant is over-rated. It is hard to find...and the mexican food is
bland, almost equivalent to eating out of a can. The service is poor...I asked
for a fried egg on my enchiladas...and did not get it.! Secondly, the enchladas
did not come with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's chili..the cheese
was American cheese! The Chili Relleno..had no batter on it. 

I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great
so I made a carry out order of : L 17. Mixed Tempura.....................8.25
Shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad. I was very happy with the customer service
and even more please with the portion size, to go box set up and quality of the
food for the price. I'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out
again. 

Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter! When i say
jiu-jitsu or mma i mean it! Best jiu-jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the
experience and belt to back it up! When you come to ncfa you will see a real
instructor that teaches and trains everyday! If your coach has no fights and you
never see him train and sweat something is wrong! Dave Terrell
www.norcalfightingalliance.com 

Good Pizza at a good price 

I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places, this was the
first one and I should have just stuck with it. The pizza is usually pretty
good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be
cooked a little more, but it was still good. Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of
the better ones I have ever had. 

HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! 

Absolute horrible service from the parts department. They are very rude over the
phone and in person. They talk down to you like they are supreme beings, if you
hate your job so much then quit!! How these guys can get away with being so rude
with people is mind blowing. I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again.
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city. 

this is a good place 

I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great. They had a great
selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty. I enjoy
going there although i've only been there once, i will be returning toda to
recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best
is here. i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality. 

Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their
school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay
outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is
probably a question of practice. A wonderful place, if you want more than just
the physical side of yoga. Give yourself the gift of trying this place, to see
if it fits you... 

They don't seem to be interested in selling cars. 

Went there yesterday: we are trying to decide between two different Honda
models, so we wanted to test-drive both back to back. The salesperson refused!
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives. We were the only customers there!
Don't waste time, just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek, they
actually do try to help their customers there! 

ATE HERE A COUPLE TIMES. IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE
BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI. SO, IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES, WELL, IT IS OK.
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD. IF YOU WANT A STEAK, WELL, THIS
IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAY. OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH
CHRIS TYPE STEAK, THIS IS NOT IT. 

Eulogic 

Good place to be on a Sunday Night. The beers were good, nice choice of beers as
well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice addition
to the bar downstairs. Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot comment on
the food. But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian
Tavern. If you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to be. 

Perfect Location plus I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and
it's been a refreshing change. I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a
nightmare. The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I'ma bit surprised
by other comments. She's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to
any questions or requests. Plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events
at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit. 

great service/deals - support this local business 

I have used these guys for new snows, fixing lots of flats, used replacement
tires, and oil changes. They have the best prices locally and good customer
service. One guy is a little surley, but who gives a crap as long as your car's
work is outstanding. AND they're usually able to help you as a walk-in, and
they're fast. Overall-good stuff. 

Another great business bites the dust! 

The best cakes EVER! A bit pricey, so I didn't go very often, but it was always
a treat when I did. The prices were worth what I got. I'm assuming they are
completely out of business since I can't find any contact information. I'm
hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place, because it
would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer. 

Super nice people, really good food 

What I love most about this place, other than the food, is that eating here
makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than Baltimore. The owners are
really nice, they serve good food at a good price, and the option to eat outside
on the deck (esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic) is great.
One of my top 5 places to eat in Baltimore. 

Overpriced 

This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille, so I imagine they are
owned/operated by the same people. The food is mediocre at best, and largely
overpriced given the portion size and quality. Don't even get me started on how
expensive it is to drink there. I have ate here 3 times since they first opened,
and the service has been poor each time, the staff always comes across as
somewhat rude and slow. 

Apps 4 Salad 3 Entree 3.5 Wine 5 (NOV 07) 

Enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folks. Service was excellent.
Food was excellent. Wine was excellent. I was feeling the need for some fish so
I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am
in town again, I'll definitely order a steak. A perfect place for a romantic
dinner. Lots of "pretty people" dining inside. 

Great staff. Very helpful!!!! They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software
I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several
years. Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job. I'm really
thankful for the folks at HR Office. They are dependable, have great connections
in the community, and are a great resource for finding a job. I highly recommend
them to all of my friends!!!!! 

Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a
breeder! 

I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League.
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup
received was outstanding. If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup don't
forget to check out the shelters! My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been
a wonderful addition to my family! 

Food good, service poor 

No silverware, asked for a spoon for my sons mac and cheese ended up having to
use my tea spoon. Asked for bar-b-que sauce never got it. Never checked back
with us once we got our food. Had to go the the bus boys station ourselves to
get napkins. Only one server, too buys talking with others I guess. Food was
good, but service means a lot to me. 

Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had. You are knowledgeable,
professional, gentel and kind. I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my
life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now, However I
am glad you are my dentist now. Even though you are expensive. Thank you for
helping to preserve my teeth. You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my
smile. 

Con Garage 

I brought my car in for a simple emissions test. I guess they figured me for an
easy mark, and tried to explain that my car wouldn't pass unless I replaced a
hose. Ten minutes later, I took my car down the street and it passed the
emissions test with flying colors. If you're a fan of herpes, being ripped off,
and child molesters, this is the garage for you. If not, go somewhere else. 

Rude service 

even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that
they are rude. I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the
receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me, or even just
give me an approximate price range. He told us to stop by the salon and then he
will tell us the price. What kind of rude service is that? I don't want to waste
my time with them. 

Top notch eats! 

So here we are in Manson. Manson? Yes, Manson. Right near Chelan. Aka
Nowheresville. And this litttle gem of a 7-table restaurant is a complete and
utterly wonderful surprise. A short but wide-ranging menu executed with
innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street.
Fantastic food served without pretense, very reasonably priced wine selections.
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting. 

Excellent Service and Reasonable Prices 

Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing/gifts are often outrageously
priced (who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie?) but I was pleasantly
surprised to find that the Purple Goose's prices are reasonable (for the SAME
products found at other area boutiques, the prices were 20-25% cheaper). The
service was also excellent - friendly, helpful and informative without being
overbearing. Will definitely return. 

Consistantly poor 

A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this
the worst rental agency I have used. Chasing them on issues from the day I moved
in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues
with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could. If you must use them, be
vigilant and be ready to push, if you can go elsewhere then I would. 

AMAZING NIGHT- Great Party Spot!! Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend
for dinner and drinks...place is awesome. Had to keep in mind that the A/C
broke, I feel bad it was their opening! Anyway, once that is fixed, this place
will be amazing. Drinks were awesome, prices reasonable, and staff friendly.
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs. Check out The Willow
Lounge, youll be happy! 

Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema. But my wife and I first went
there thinking it would be Brazilian food (think lots of meat), but it turned
out to be a vegan restaurant! And, I can say, this was one of my favorite places
to eat in all of Richmond. Amazing! Don't let the nondescript building entrance
fool you, these are some creative and talented chefs...two thumbs way, way up! 

Excellent food, fantastic wait staff 

I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser's. We had 30
guests for the event, and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not
only the food, but the outstanding service as well. The management was easy to
deal with during the planning stages, and the execution by the kitchen and wait
staff was flawless. I highly recommend Fraiser's for anyone planning a special
event for friends, family or business. 

FANTASTIC STORE!!! 

I came upon this store as the building caught my eye. It's located in the huge
HONKA Log Homes building, by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway. The store was
decorated with furnishings & accessories. The friendly crew working was great &
very helpful. This store is what Colorado is all about. Also, I purchased some
furniture last year and all has been great! It's durability & look was perfect
and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon! 

Lovely People, Great Hats 

I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service.
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people
with strongly-accented English. The husband and wife who run this spot are
lovely people. We have had many conversations with them and they have always
been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the
right costumes for my magic act. I recommend them highly! 

DONT ever go there, not even if your car flips. Their service sucks to start off
with, people are cruel and ignorant. I'm compeltly dissatisfied with their
service and their products. They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their
product SUCKS, they will NOT take it back! DO NOT EVER GO HERE. I prefer
Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people. And they
THRIVE to get a customer. DO NOT go here..thank you 

Horrible 

I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken
off. I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair on the
sides, and 1.5 in the back. My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous. This
woman should be working in supercuts...if that. This was a terrible experience
and I hope that no one else goes through that. Do your self a favor and do not
go to this establishment. 

The worst Burger King restaurant!!! 

I generally like the BK over the other fast serving restaurants; however, I
regreted to visit this restaurant at my town. This is a shame of my adorable
town, Branford. I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half
opened already. I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay.
Disgusting french fries is very best menu. Don't go, or you will learn how to
waste your money. 

Disappointed 

The Bad: I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter
svce and subpar food. We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly
pleased with our dishes. Napa is all about wine but gives very short
descriptions of the wines on their lists. I found my initial selection
satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed. If you must go
ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high
as mine were. 

Highly Recommended 

We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter
from kids and the staff. The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are
just phenomenal. Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little
ones amazes me every time I walk in. We have since moved slightly further away
from the centre but it's worth the extra travel, as the care provided exceeds
our expectations... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences
elsewhere. 

HORRIBLE!!!!! 

This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of
ordering. The crust was lopsided, thicker on one side than the other. It
actually had a hole in one of the slices. There was minimal cheese and sauce and
it completely lacked flavor. I know New York pizza and this is not it!! This was
nothing like New York style pizza!!!. I love pizza and this was a complete and
utter disappointment!! I would not suggest this pizza to anyone!!! 

best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I calledA CLASS Garage Doors
Dr Services. They came to my house in no time and started working on the gate.
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with
it. Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations
and then gave me the best quote ever. I know that if my garage door needs to be
repaired, I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors 

You will be happy at this store! 

Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in
Temecula. The store manager, Jim Smith, made an excellent tire recommendation
for my newly acquired Lexus. Tires were the right price and now the car feels
like it is riding on rails around turns. The store is clean, run very
professionally and a pleasure to be in. They know their job and you do not have
to watch them to be sure everything is done right. 

Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car! 

Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours
but the sales man also took me out to lunch. Very kind and reliable. I highly
recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive
friendly service. I have since purchased two cars from this dealership, The
first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard. Both were excellent
sales men who put my needs first. 

This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my
hooptie. I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and
never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy
isn't here today"....for example. Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two
cars in front of me for inspection...but I was still out of there pretty
quick...barely had time to read a chapter in my book. 

Extremely helpful and professional 

As first-time home buyers, my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at
Prudential Steamboat Realty, extremely helpful. She worked with us for over a
year, helping us find our perfect home. Stephanie's knowledge of the market and
properties in our price range, made us feel secure in our decision to buy when
we did. We would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the
Yampa Valley. We appreciated her patience, knowledge and kindness! 

Great Barber 

Firstly, the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick's, or he would know
that Nick only charges $13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard.
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay
attention to detail. I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make
it look right. Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par, but
if you wait for Nick... you'll be good. 

UGH!!! Got some nice "freshly baked" fruit squares, a personal favorite of mine.
Took a bite, it tasted odd. Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with
green mold!!!! Ugh!! I called the store and the clerk giggled, and agreed that
it was gross, but said it was not her problem. She also refused to get a
manager. I left my number, or tried to anyway. Same clerk had considerable
difficulty taking down a number. I'll never go back there again 

For cheap Chinese food, this is the place to go. I used to eat at places like
New China or Green Buffet in Troy, MO - nothing terrible but not that great.
Now, I won't eat fast food Chinese unless it's from this place. The best value
I've found from a Chinese restaurant. I don't live in Lake St. Louis anymore,
but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous. Now I have to be
in the area to get some lovin' :sadface: 

Amazing Experience! 

My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa. Jana Kueck
was nothing but professional. She makes you feel like you are the most important
person in the world. Jana made me feel very comfortable. Provided me with warm
blanket and has soft music playing. Walking in the door you are made to feel
happy and relaxed. Equipment is state of the art. I would reccomend anyone to go
see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to
offer. 

Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity
for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take.
Also, he loves teaching so much, his price is unbeatable, but that does not
change his level of skill. Dave has much to offer. In just 2-3 focused lessons,
I'm already now capable of picking up new songs off YouTube guitar how to videos
and am even writing my own orginals with confidence! ~Jason 

We love our new roof! 

We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home. Everything
was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when
the crew was done. We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday.
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same
day. We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again. We have already
recommended you to some of our friends! 

OMFG 

I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN
REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK
THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT
THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS
FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO
TALK. ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT 

AMAZINGLY YUMMY! I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food
already! My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town, I
was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self! Their customer
service was perfect! Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted. EVEN
IN FRANCE! I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great
atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer service! Thank you Roll UP Crepes!

This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to
the Mulberry. Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't
use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole. The whole experience
shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager. Bad service
starting from the front desk. The best person is the valet. Short of that, avoid
this place, as a silver Marriott member, this is a disgrace. 

BEST PLACE IN AMES 

I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are
very nice and clean, and in great condition! I really enjoyed the staff at
Wessex, also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful. The fitness
center was GREAT! The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was
that the walls are pretty thin, sometimes I could here my neighbors
conversations. I would recommend these apartments to anybody! I absolutely LOVED
living there. 

The Best Service Ever!! 

I have never had better service. My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle
to Sussman Kia. They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time.
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful. The service department even gave me a
ride home and picked me up when my car was finished. The advisor kept me up to
date and informed on the progress of my vehicle. I give this dealer an A+! I
will definitely be bringing my car back for service. 

HEAVEN ON EARTHHHHHHH!!!! MUST TRY!!! A+++ 

THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. I HATED SUSHI BEFORE BUT NOW I CANT STOP EATTING
IT!!!!!!! NICE SERVICE, AND EXCELLENT FOOD. EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE
ME!!! THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS!!!! I
EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK. THEY HAVE EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS
FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS. A++++
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JUNO AND OPEN I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [no
homo] :D 

friendly, fine food 

The one-star review from 2005 is out of date. There was a change of ownership a
couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly. The food
continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches, homemade soups, fresh salads. The
atmosphere may not be for everyone. It is a bustling place where separate
parties are seated at the same table (as in many European cafes), but if you are
OK with that, the food is very good. Love the soups. 

The New Italian Kid on the Block 

Another Italian restaurant in Collingswood? Do we need another one? Only if it
is of the quality of That's Amore. The menu has the usual but then they step it
up another notch. The arancini di riso (risotto fritters) are not to be missed.
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there's the chocolate mousse that
comes straight from heaven. Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next
time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree. 

Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used. The first time I
used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed.
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative
and answered any question I had. They have towed car for me a few times and I am
always very satisfied with this services. If you are looking for towing services
that can offer you a good towed car service, then Auto Towing is the company for
you. 

A very satisfied new customer! 

As a very satisfied new customer, I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct
Cleaning. They are professional, knowledgeable, and take meticulous care and
pride in accomplishing their work. Not only were my wife and I very pleased, but
I also had the air duct quality tested professionally by the home inspector that
I regularly use, before and after United Air Duct performed their work. Based on
the test results, the home inspector stated that the quality of their job was
“excellent”. 

The Best Breakfast in Solana Beach! We love T's Cafe! Without a doubt the best
place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict. T's has been a North
County landmark for thirty years and with good reason. Family owned and operated
makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home-cooked with style. I
highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix - definitely
the best. If you've been to North County, chances are it's in your favorites
list already. 

Prominent Builders NJ 

Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors, I was
referred to them by my friend, I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation,
and addition. They were very professional, respectful, completed the Job on
time, and well below my budget. Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the
detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them
to many friends I can because of the great job they did me. 

Great Dude Cut! 

Great service, cool vibe, impeccable style. I'ma guy with tricky hair so getting
that right is job #1. After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice
at Alta Moda. Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my
hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had. Either I suck
at my own style or Janice is a genius. Looks like there's a lot of talent in
this place. Worth every penny. 

My Favorite place at Wildwood 

I have been going to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and
always call the Madrid first. I rated it 5 stars. I am not saying it is a 5 star
hotel. I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood, this hotel has
everything that we are looking for. It is the hospitality from Tom and staff,
that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach. We prefer the
layout of rooms and it is always clean. 

When in Scordia, Sicily 

If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her
familia. They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will
meet. You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language. You
will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I
have fallen in luv with. I will 4-ever be eternally grateful for their
hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3
years. Luv always.. 

I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after
the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I
believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody. If
the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this
leaves a lot to be desired! Nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of
how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives!

Best Car Dealer in TX 

I purchased a nissan from this dealship. The sales men were very knowledgeable
about every aspect of every car we looked at. They were very patient and helpful
from showing the cars to doing the paperwork. The paperwork was a very easy and
smooth. They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it won't hurt
my score. Overall, I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase.
If you're looking to buy a car, definitely give them a call. They have a huge
inventory. 

I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great. I have also had an 80 yr
old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital. Yes, we had to
wait, but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases
first. Any ER would be the same. As far as being treated like a drug seeker,
that has not been my experience. As a nurse I know about drug seekers. This is a
great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system. 

Wonderful Experience 

I had immense pain on a Sunday morning, with friends and family telling me that
I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday. Dr. Taylor was not only available on a
Sunday, but also was able to immediately take care of me. He was incredibly
informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments
to choose from. Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general, Dr.
Taylor was the best! He really made the visit a pain free one with excellent
service! I would recommend him to everyone! 

HORRIBLE 

This school is the worst one i've ever been to. I attended it for 2 years, and
that was enough. There's holes everywhere in the ceiling, sewage constantly
leaks through the ceiling, and the whole condition of the school is horrible.
The staff and the Principal are rediculous, they don't listen to any input, and
they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks, because a teacher TRIPPED
OVER a student's). The education is horrible at best, do society a favor, and do
NOT send your student here. 

Excellent customer service and quality work. They went the extra mile to repair
my cowboy boots-- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood
grain to fix the heels. That was 4 years ago. I haven't been able to find a shoe
repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it. (I've been through at
least 5 places already.) If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed
during the work week, I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly
again. 

So Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers 

Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village, I have
referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers. The white pages
allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I
could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my
cookbook. It's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in
one place and I want to spread the word. THX:-) 

The staff do occasionally get game info correct, but if your looking fot a good
game and aren'ta nerd, dont ask them. The last time I did that I was suggested
to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps. I knew what it was and
told the guy that it wasn'ta fps. He tried to tell me it was when I told asked
him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue. Overall they aren't very
knowledge about the type of games are on the market. 

First and Last time we'll eat there 

My friend and I went there for lunch today. Neither one of us had ever been - so
we thought we'd try it. BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold. We both
kept trying to find something we liked. The only thing I found edible were the
potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to
be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful. Would NOT recommend this place to anyone -
in fact - save your money and go somewhere else. 

Liquidweb.com Rocks!!! 

I am not a client of liquidweb.com, but one of my friend called Steven is the
client having several websites. I work with him and since past 6 years he is
hosting his websites to Liquidweb. As I have gone through many reviews sites to
see if any provider is providing better services or not, and I have realized
that there were many good reviews about Liquidweb also Steven never faced any
server issues in his whole hosting. The kind of support they provide is simply
great!!! I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb.com 

Hino Dealer of the Year 

Congratulations Prestige Hino! You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer
of the Year! Each of you should be proud of your massive contributions
throughout the year! Major Awards – Overall Hino dealer of the year. Overall
Hino finance dealer of the year. Major Awards – Market leader overall, Dandenong
PMA, sales. Market leader medium duty, sales. Well done to Anthony and the team!
Bronze award service excellence, metro. Well done to Brendan and the team! Gold
award parts excellence, metro. Well done to Jason and the team! 

simple but perfect IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy
garnishes, this is not the place for you. If you want perfectly executed simple
dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you'll love Vetri. Hands-down
the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot). The antipasti
were amazing, the wines were mind-blowing, the service couldn't have been
better. I've dined at lots of high-end restaurants and I've never before felt my
money was so well spent. 

Great Prices, Great service! 

I've been to this shop twice (once for an inspection and again for an oil
change) and they truly live up to their name: Discount! They have all kind of
coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etc. The thing
is, you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates! There is even
free coffee and bottles of water if you'd like. The owner is a pleasant guy and
I would trust my car with him or any of his workers. Top notch, all the way! 

David is amazing 

David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used. He is
willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation. He was patient and
adapted when everything didn't go according to schedule on my wedding day. Both
the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing.
He got the pictures back to me quickly. I would highly recommend David to
anyone. He will exceed your expectations! He doesn't just take pictures he makes
art out of them and you won't even notice that there's a camera there. 

Not so great 

My husband just got a bike there as a gift he's only had it a month. It's a nice
bike and it cost a lot of money. But just this week a peddle broke. He took it
back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of
his shoes?? So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to
put them on without even telling him the price. Which was very expensive. He
asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off??
Trek is not so great 

Only Concerned With Money 

I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some
results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect. The people
there attempt to come across and professional and nice, but I was disappointed
with their customer service. Never miss an appointment because they will charge
you the price of a treatment, even if you had an emergency. It's pretty
ridiculous! They want to squeeze as much as they can from you even if you just
got in a car accident!!!! They don't care one bit about you!!!!! 

Terrible service!!! Made an appointment to have them come to the house to
discuss curtain options and give an estimate. They sent over someone who said he
knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an
estimate. When I called the manager to complain, she said she KNEW the guy
didn't know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier!
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead. So what was the
point of the appointment!?! To just come over and hang out?!? I will NEVER do
business with this company! EVER!!! 

Internet Department is rude and insulting 

I was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the Internet
salesperson Last name is Balazick sent me this email "AND IF IT WAS WORTH MY
TIME I WOULD OF BOTHERED ASWERING YOUR QUESTIONS. I MAKE MONEY NOT DEAL WITH
BROKERS" Wow, can you believe in todays tough times this dealership would be
looking for any way to move vehicles. As a previous Internet Manager I would
deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in
with a broker. Stay away from this dealership!!! 

This place is a Rip-Off 

I brought a car in to have the "check engine" light diagnosed back in March of
2010. They said it was "plugs and wires" and quoted me $330 to do the work,
including parts. I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of
moving things out of the way. Those things ended up being a windsheild washer
fluid tank (1 screw) and the air filter canister (4 spring clips). I did the
work myself for $50. There's no excuse for that kind of estimate. 

My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we didn't want to wait
in line at Outback. What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM. #1 its
immaculately clean. #2 the decor is tasteful and artistic, from the comfortable
chairs to the elegant light fixtures.... and (most importantly) #3 the food is
FANTASTIC. This is authentic Cuban cuisine; fresh ingredients expertly prepared
and seasoned perfectly. The portions were generous and we got out for less than
the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant. TRY THIS PLACE - YOU'LL LOVE
IT. 

Thank you for helping me get more healthy! 

I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking. I have to
tell you that I haven't had one and don't want one. It is the easiest thing that
I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too. I sent a
customer of mine to you. Dr. Ruona, if you read this, thank you for helping me
get more healthy. I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to
me now than I did before. I can't thank you enough. 

Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners
etc. 

I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years
now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago. Tina is the
driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to
satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates. I have
been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me
over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband
Chris. 

My counseling practice 

Hello my name is Vera and I'm writing a review about my own counseling practice
in Bellevue, WA. and in Renton WA. I am a licensed mental health counselor and I
work with variety of mental health problems. I offer compassionate, approachable
and personalized counseling services. My style is compassionate, nonjudgmental,
and caring. Please visit my website to learn more about my practice at
www.veraakulov.com. I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies.
Schedule your first appointment online! I would appreciate reviews from anyone
who has worked with me before in the mental health setting. 

Fantastic for kids 

If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you'll love this
zoo. It's only $10 and in essence just one big petting zoo. They sell feed and
milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots. We took our 7 month old
and she laughed and giggled when (very harshly I might add) grabbing and
'kissed' the goats and lambs. The animals were all very sweet and patient with
her. Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's, camels and EVEN
AN OSTRICH!!! Wonderful, inexpensive and lots of fun! 

WOW!!! I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she
has done for me and my dog Gracee. Gracee is more excited to see her than she is
to see me!!!! She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls!
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let
Gracee go with anyone besides her!!! She is caring, punctual, and very
enthusiastic about her job! You should give her a try - it's worth every penny
to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting!!!! 

Worst Service I've Ever Experienced 

I wish there was something good to say about the business, but unfortunately,
there isn't. 1) Service and manners were nonexistent. 2) The employees
constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of
being argumentative. (to both myself and customers) 3) I have never experienced
so much rudeness coming from a business. 4) The business is very unorganized.
The invoice is not detailed, so it is difficult to see what you are paying for.
I'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store. 

Exile is the best!!! 

Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond! I have
been shopping there for over six years now. The staff is incredibly friendly and
helpful and the owner, Mimmy, is an absolute angel. The mark up is minimal
considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe. In
addition, the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot
topic, which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible
conditions in Asia. Exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in
our community. Shop local at Exile!! 

Over-rated 

Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its
association with Steven Starr, but that doesn't impress me. The atmosphere alone
deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the
reputation the restaurant carries. The server we had was knowledgeable but he
was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his
friends rather than his customers. The angry lobster was completely over-priced!
$80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler
vegetables! I wouldn't go there again. 

Alto delivers on all levels. From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know
you are some place special. The service is impeccable, and the food is even
better. I highly recommend the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty
of range and food to satisfy your appetite. Also, if you are into wine, Alto has
the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier
(or after 9pm, bring your own bottle for free...no corking fee!). While it's not
cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget. 

The landlord is not nice nor helpful 

I have lived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse for 2 years. I love the
location and the apartment!! I'ma single female and I feel safe coming home at
night. The maintenance people are AWESOME!!!! And the exterminator is very nice,
also. Yes, you still have a few bugs, but that's going to be anywhere you go!
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord. She is a pure b****!!!
I know that's ugly...but she won't help you out for anything...sad story. Other
than that, I would recommend living here. :) 

The staff leaves a lot to be desired. The front staff has seen quite a bit of
turnover and changed from professional to rude. A simple follow-up phone call
with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare. She may be the reason for all the
change. I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on
within his practice. If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a
poor reflection on him. Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of
staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor. He was an okay doctor but
not worth her. 

WWW-Wonderful Wild Wildernest inn 

I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five! Atop Spring Mountain, from
the decks of the West porch, "one can see forever" a scene of unparalleled
beauty and grandeur. I saw deer frequently, in fact a small herd were grazing
near the lodge. There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning. and most
correctly, us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife. It would have
been more than one could bear! Kathy and Stewart, the proprietors were the
epitome of perfection. Delightful, hospitable, superb,cozy and comfortable. I
hope to be back! 

junkie lube?! 

really weird place, I was driving home from work thought I'd stop in for an oil
change and well, there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the
table drinking beers and shooting the breeze. The neon lighting sign still said
"on" yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch, more like the
drunkest of the bunch told me they'd be open tomorrow. I asked if a manager was
on duty he told me he was.WOW! grey shirt "mark" of course with this type
behavior he could have been wearing someonelses clothing..... 

A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here. While there wasn't
too much available for their age (ball pit, bouncy area and a little padded
pyramid to climb on), we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter
weekday and ended up being the only ones there, so we were given a little more
liberty than we would have if others had been there. It's not the classiest
place, but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly. For
$4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler. 

Restored my faith in Mechaincs. 

I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and
drive the way it should. I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal. They
took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more. The crew
at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a
car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning. I cannot say enough about
this place. They have restored my faith in Mechanics. Do yourself a favor, call
these guys first and enjoy driving your car again.. 

a great vacation! 

We wanted to see the sun - and we also got much more! Excellent chefs are in the
kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts. After a train ride over the mountains,
we enjoyed hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills (in May) and a very
interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River...and then wine if we
wanted it on the patio in the evening.... This is a busy group of hosts they are
also running a restaurant, which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what
you need, and I'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable. 

OMG 

OMG.. make sure to book a reservation, as this magical place is packed (in a
nice way) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel
about their food. The waiters are like no other...My waiter was so excellent I
gave him a 75% tip, and it was worht every penny.. The food was finger licking
the bowel fantastic.. I just discovered her has a place right near my work (
Color me Phat) If you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and
service in the valley Giovanni Ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice. 

Holly is truely the best hairstylist! 

I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years, and I never new this salon
was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here. I was very pleased with
my experience here. All of the people were friendly and welcoming. I got
highlights, haircut, and a blowdry. She did a great job! Holly is very
experienced and talented, and I could tell she new what she was doing right off
the bat. My hair looks amazing, and I get compliments all the time. I deffenitly
reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone. You will not be disappointed!!!!!! 

Outdated but not bad 

So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the
pictures make it look nice and modern. It had listed that there was a hot
breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common
continental affair at most cheap hotels. The family suite was basically two
rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we
were two families traveling together. If you are in town and need that kind of
space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair
don't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else. 

Great, and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville. 

I was born and raised in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian,
Jamaican, etc) population. So huge in fact, that Toronto slang is influenced by
and has Jamaican references, and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high
school cafeteria. Anyway, I was practically raised on this stuff, and being a
connoisseur of West Indian cuisine, Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the
American palette. All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add
a whole lot of pepper. Alot. 

The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen. 

I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this
particular farm. The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was
astounding. The owners were entertaining and gracious. I especially liked the
Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animals. This is one of the
best farms I have ever been too. I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east
coast! It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owners advice I invested
vanguard, got myself a woman like Jerry, and became a republican. Thanks Tussey
Mountain Tree Plantation! 

Pho-nomenal!! 

I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I've always gone to the Pho
places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in
chinatown, but when i tried this pho place, it blew the other pho houses away!!
all of the pho places taste the same to me, so what seperates one from the other
is the service and the price. The service here is incredible compared to the
other places. the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding
parking in chinatown. remember to bring cash since they don't take debit or
credit. hope this helps!! 

Had a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnis, she was rude,
inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked
incorrectly... I'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her...
she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they
had made a mistake. I normally don't write reviews but seeing that I considered
Dillards a distinguished, upscale place to shop, this one won't be getting my
business, nor my family's, nor my co-workers. It's never ok to let a customer
walk out unhappy, especially when they are right. 

Highly Recommend 

I work as a Transformational Life Coach. Since this is an alternative therapy I
always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel that is appropriate. I
found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of
a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide.
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well! She guided me
through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide, coupled
with elder abuse. I found her to be extremely solid, kind, compassionate, and
intuitive as well. I would recommend her highly! 

They won't have a second chance from me. 

First, let me state that although I live in NYC, I am not from NYC, I don't care
about baseball and I absolutely love Boston to death (so beautiful, so clean, so
awesome). That said, I hated this restaurant. The service was just about as good
as I'd get in NYC (that means it was poor) and the food was almost mediocre. The
decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was
great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality. Personally I
recommend you take your money elsewhere 

When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11, I was greeted and attended to by the
Sales Manager, Gustavo Guerra, in a very friendly and professional manner. I
explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda.
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle. He told me "no problem, we will match the
offer or do better." Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor
any type of problems. Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the
world. I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida
residents to come see Gus!!! Excellent customer service!!! 

Great, Honest Service 

I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold. The dealer wanted
$1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some other things. Eagle Transmission
determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was
unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400!! I was so impressed with
the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission! I dropped
the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon. I have finally
found a mechanic I trust!! And it was great that they did not charge a service
fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus!! 

Dr. Shady 

Kelly hit the nail on the head. "Dr. Shady" is a jerk. After the way she spoke
to me on my last visit, I will not be returning!! Good luck keeping business
with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady. You have just lost mine. The next time
you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!!! Dr.
Shady is inexperienced and prideful. She probably does not even have 10% of the
knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area. I will be
carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else. Beautifully
written reviews Doctor, but completely UNTRUE. 

Poor Experience 

I did not have a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlou. During the session, he
demanded to have my physical address, which I've always kept private as I am
enrolled in a witness protection program. I believe he is correct in that he
needs my physical address for legal reasons, however, he did not adequately
explain this during our session. I learned more about this doing my own research
afterward. I think he could've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me
concrete facts. Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have
intimacy issues is not helpful. It's pretty combative actually. 

you'll love it 

I have had my back fused in 2 places. I wish that I hadn't done this. With these
fusions, chiropractric isn't as successful, but it still is very helpful. Even
after my fusions, my back continued to hurt, but now it doesn't hurt any more. I
would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery, to talk about different
treatment options first with Dr. de Barros. He really knows what he is talking
about and will approach the different options fairly. You can see different
treatments that a surgeon can't see, so that you can have several treatment
options before you decide what to do. 

Unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon!!! 

I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years. I cannot tell you how
often I am complimented on my hair (style AND color)! I regularly request Kim's
business cards as I am often stopped on the street and asked "Who does your
hair...I LOVE it!!!" Quaint, lovely, small salon with BIG personality. I am made
to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing
cut or color experience. My hair has never felt this healthy, either. I cannot
recommend this salon enough!!! Thanks Cheveux! 

My Favorite in McLean 

My family loves coming to Endo Sushi.They are very nice, it is never crowded,
and the food is wonderful, very delicious and fresh! Sometimes it is hard to get
parking in the lot in front of the storefront, and it is on a one-way street,
but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded. If you cannot park in the lot,
then you can park in the shopping center's garage, and walk up to Endo Sushi.
The service is fast. Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you
enjoyed your meal! (it's by the door, on the hostess stand) 

Horrible Service! I got yelled at, literally yelled at because i asked if i
could pick up my car 5-10 minutes late. I explained that i was already on my way
and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for
work at 5am, but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gonna lock the doors
right at 5:30. Rude, unprofessional, just jerks. Seems like all they care about
is the money and getting home on time, NO care for the customers AT ALL!!!
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless. I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go
to this place again. 

Superb Arrangements 

I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers as they had been
recommended to me. I am so glad that I called in to see Ana, she is a lovely
girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me. The flowers were all
that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late
unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all. She is so
talented, the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately, it is so obvious to
see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others.
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances. 

Great first experience. I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like
one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons
of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it
to. She deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly. She
recommended products but absolutely didn't pressure me to buy. It's a cute place
with a really friendly, laid-back atmosphere. I would highly recommend it and
will be going back for my next haircut. Oh! And students get $5 off, can't argue
with that. 

Smokers Haven 

Yeah, this complex is not very good. Our bathroom fan, one electric outlet and 2
leaky sinks have yet to be fixed. Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and
the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of
wood over to try to cover it up. And non-smokers beware!!! I think 90 percent of
the tenants are smokers! If you do not smoke, do not move here. Our unit reeks
of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we
moved in. You cannot walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette
smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night. 

Great Sanwiches, Great Prices 

I used to go here almost everyday since I work in the neighbourhood and loved
their turkey and meatball sandwiches. Chicken salad salad is great too. Best of
all, the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines, usually serve
you in 5 minutes or less. For the quality, the prices ($4-$6) have to be the
best in town. The staff get to know regulars and do their job very well.
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or
quality, but I certainly do. This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe, its a lunch sandwich
place and a good one at that. 

Rate a church? Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light.
It's a bloody church, for chrisssake! Big, grey and imposing. Go there on
christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure. The pastor at this church is
cool, I met him after some holiday service. He had a robe that was made back in
the '60s. God was pleased with that one! It's historical for Sf, so when your
aunte comes for a visit, take her there. Great for the kiddies - they love the
labyrinth (don't forget to tell 'em its really a 'pagen' thing!). Stop by at
least once or you'll go to heck! 

ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget. 

me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for
game 4 of the world series.i'ma red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies
won.the knights inn was small very small.i mean 1 room in every room!it was cozy
a little and a small tv.i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager
looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to
see New York.but sice we almost just slept there i cant give that good of a
review 

It was a Saturday and my spring was broken... I googled Garage Door Repair in
Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh-so pleasant
and helpful! She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing -
but he could do the repair on Sunday! I said great and Dan arrived on time at
10am to make the repair. I enjoyed speaking with Dan, and learning more about
how the springs are sized for these doors. The repair went quickly and the price
was extremely fair. I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to
my neighbors. Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional
service. Roger M., Woodinville 

I wouldn't send my dogs there. 

I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010. She
basically said if the children getting off the bus aren't paying to enter her
building she was going to let them wander around the streets. Wow, really? With
all the child predators out there, a busy road, cars speeding by...... and you
are going to let some 4/5 year olds wonder around cause you're money hungry?
REAL CHRISTIAN OF YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whether they pay me or not, if their
parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO
IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID. 

Excellent service 

I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price, but
I go to the Garment District for their service. Previous reviewers said they
were pushy and I can understand that, but I find the staff more helpful than
anything else. Tiffany is fabulous! I came in for alterations (free, by the way)
and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse. She immediately went
to the back, brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot. I
didn't even buy the bag there! Huge selection and, great suggestions from the
staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't have what you need. 

We were expecting a great experience, when we recieved a friendly greeting by
the hosts. The atmosphere was nice and very clean. The menu had plenty of
options even for picky eaters. The service was ok, our waitress kept forgetting
our drinks even though we reminded her several times. To start we tried the
guacamole and salsa verde, it was completly flavorless. We should have left
then. We orderd our meals anyway, chimichangas,jalapeno borritos, and
quesadillas. Everything was bland, completely void of any spice or flavor. We
have never had mexican food this bad, it was just simply gross. Hopefully they
spice things up or they wont be in business long. I recommend La Hacienda 

Might try again 

Pros: * Jill, the owner, is very nice and really cares about her feedback *
Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection, I
like! Don't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other
sides. Cons: * Server wasn't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the
blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time, took about 25 minutes from ordering
to eating. Half the tables and bar were empty by this point. Other Thoughts:
Will try this place again. There must be a reason so many people like it there.
Their Club sandwich looks tasty, maybe that'll change my mind.... and a
different server. 

very professional / very helpful 

the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful. i was looking for
a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took
the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options
to meet those needs. they seemed more interested in helping me find the right
car rather then just make a sale. my experience with them was great - low
stress, very helpful and very personal. after finding the car i wanted they took
the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible. from start
to finish they were top notch. i would highly recommend calling these people up
for your next car. 

This insurance co. Is a joke !!! They have absolutely no communication skills
whatsoever . if you don't mind being robbed ,cheated or lied to then this is the
company for you . They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent
themselves . They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with
misinformation . as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan
premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the
policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed
drivers in the household ? I personally provided the request on four separate
occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ? Ifa is an acronym
for Im a F%#king Assh@%$e !!! 

Fantastic Service! 

I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires, alignment
and state inspection done yesterday. I shopped it around and they were extremely
competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend
the life and get me better gas mileage. It also came with free balance and
rotation for the life of the tires! What made it perfect was that they offered
transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work
to go back and forth or try to find a ride. Great service, great pricing and
SUPER CONVENIENT! I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of
services that I did not need. 

Love my home at Creekside 

I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a 6-month lease and have
just extended it for another 13 months! The management from Julie and Janice to
the work staff, esp. Edwin, are just wonderful. They have been extremely helpful
whenever I have asked for help. Although the apartments are facing Stokes Street
and close to the Bascom Light Rail, the location is surprisingly quiet. I have
never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety. The
apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and other
stores. The well-equipped, clean gym is a plus! Great place to live if you work
in and around downtown San Jose! 

I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel. Liberty construction
shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the
best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these
certificates that say we're great". Not once did I feel listened to like they
actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a
contract right then and there. Very high pressured sales and with the reviews of
many others bad service. I'm glad I trusted my gut and didn't get sucked into
doing business with them. Find someone you trust that actually hears you and
wants to do the job right. 

Don't waste your time or money! 

I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest, apart from the
shark walkway, I thought it was rubbish and overpriced. Even taking into account
the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round, it took us just
over one hour start to finish. If you have been to the London Aquarium I would
not even bother with this. If you are really desperate for something to pass the
time and are willing to shell out the best part of £30 for 2 two people then go
for it. (For some reason itwill not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5
by me!) 

Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson
enough. I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was
treated by Dr Nelson. He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing
treatments have been absolutely pain free. My previous apprehension has been
dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is
due! In addition to the core treatment, Dr Nelson has impressed me further with
his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients – his dental work
underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient. He is always prepared to
go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with
immediately – Pam Gillies 

Best Salsa (hehehe) 

After my trees were cleaned up, they gave me a jar of salsa. The owner warned me
that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right. No joke! I hate
to say check them out just for the salsa, but James, I NEED another jar badly :)
All kidding aside, they are a very good company, I have a hard time giving any
service biz a 5 star review but they came close. Very affordable (don't call it
cheap) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work.
And the salsa, be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around, you
will need them..... 

Dr. Mann killed our pet 

Yea, Dr. Mann ain't so great. We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back
dead. We live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we
brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people
from this neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr. Mann for surgical procedures and
came back dead. If you take him here for shots, no big deal but I would never
let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again. Oh, they also charged me for
the procedure ($250) AND had the audacity to charge me a $25 'DISPOSAL' fee.
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. 

One of the worst places 

This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order
from. the food was horrible not cooked like it should be, they got the order
wrong on a number of occasions, and once forgot about my order. i had to call
back up there two hours later and the lady (who claimed to be a manager) said my
food was on the way, and she didnt offer to compensate me in any kind of way. i
waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold. in my opinon
this place should be shut down by the health inspector, and anyone who is
satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian
restaurant. 

Gone downhill since change in ownership 

Sigh. I used to LOVE this place. But now that they are part of a chain, service
has slipped. I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked
with them, they lost my car key. Lucky I had a spare with me! To date they have
not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one. (These new car
keys are EXPENSIVE to copy, you can't just go to WalMart.) Go to the website for
coupons and join the club -you can get free parking. However, with BNA offering
one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility, it
may be cheaper to park at BNA. 

Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating. We arrived
Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked. We were told that we
couldn't today because they were closing soon. I called the next morning to let
then know my wife would be driving in. They gave me the run around and missing
paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need
to come in and put down a deposit. I work 2 hours away but offered my card over
the phone. They refused. Terrible communication as well. At one point they told
me the dog had been fixed, the next day it hadn't. Huge ammount of time wasted
time and elevated blood pressure. 

College is a Joke and the Salon is a JOKE! Went to the school here OVER
PRICED!!!!!! You do NOT learn the things you were promised. You have to bring in
your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you
can graduate! Going back after graduating your told you get a discount on
services nope you dont. Staff is under educated. Going there you learn the
school does not care about the services given just about the money. Over priced
for students to learn! Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a
nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be
able to do well in a salon!!! BEWARE! 

You can fool people 

This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising. They
convince lots of people that they are a great store, when in fact they are a
very average place at best, they are just another big box store like the others.
They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item
sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on
and on. With higher than average prices to boot! So don't get taken in, keep
your eyes open if you choose to shop here. On the other hand, the Richmond
Ukrops chain is known for its charity work, its community action, and its
interest in the public welfare. 

Never again 

Don't go here unless you want to sit,order,eat and be asked to leave all in a
matter of 20 minutes. You won't even have time to read the entire menu before
being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the
table. This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because
other people were waiting. I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to
finish it. Oh, and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or
Mimosas. Plus the drinks are self service, have fun trying to negotiate the
small cafeteria space to get your coffee, juice or water. Go next door to the
Ball Square Cafe instead. 

I guess you get what you pay for. I tried to stay here for a few nights with my
girlfriend, so we asked for a single queen bed. We got there, and we were
treated to the free "upgrade" of a room with two double beds. Since they
consider this an upgrade, they let their other rooms fill up and would not
change our room. Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the
door....right next to the ice machine. We could hear every single thing that
happened outside like it was inside our room. When I finally found someone at
the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not
receive the single queen we had "reserved" 

I was thoroughly impressed! 

I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart. I called a few
different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I
found but very reasonable. The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled
for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower
tile and fixtures. They had the work done in about half the time quoted which
made me and my wife extremely happy. We have had nothing but compliments on our
bathroom when guest come over- who would have guessed that one? Very nice work
and friendly guys too. Best money I've spent on remodeling ever. I highly
recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call. 

New training Centre is excellent 

The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex
on Chamberlain Road Hull. The new Centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts
the largest single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull. The classes cover all
age and skill ranges, with BALLROOM, LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE
DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZ. We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a
year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and
Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday
evening.... It is not really possible to score this school too highly, We would
give it 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the board Steve & Anne 

I purchased a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership. The night
I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage. (You can hear
the wind while driving on highway. Very likely it needs a new window seal). I
admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test
drive. (But this is a certified car from a dealer.) So I brought the car back
the second day. They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge
me $175 just to diagnose the problem! Who knows how much they want me to pay to
fix this thing. I walked away. So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER.
STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE. 

Perfect Practice 

After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and
professional service from start to finish. Everyone was friendly from the
receptionist to the surgeon herself, putting me at my ease and explaining the
whole process, both initially and then as we went along. Surgery visit timings
were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I
mattered and was important to them. The surgery itself is slick, modern and very
relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands. My dental surgeon, Dr.
Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the
work she does and the reputation she has established. Everyone was so helpful
that I cannot wait to go back ..... Peter 

Wonderful service for large group 

I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurant, and it was one of the best
choices that I made. It was a great deal--we paid a certain amount per person,
and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much
as we wanted. We were also served salad and soda. We had a large party, about
fifty people or so, and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a
wonderful time. Even though we were only supposed to have those specific types
of pizza, when guests asked for a different type, it was brought out with no
charge to us! I really appreciate BJs for making that special day even better
with their wonderful food and service. 

wonderful 

I went to ohm after reading some of the reviews. I go to school in the area and
usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut. I decided it was time to grow
up and made an appointment. Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did. I
have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style. It was the first time i had left a
salon with my hair curly. Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until
i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state. But she did a
fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair
in a way i could do it at home. It wasn't completly impossible!!!! I am
definitely going back 

After recently relocating to South Bend, we were looking for a delicious, fun,
yet elegant establishment for New Years Eve dinner. We were disappointed with
this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and
accessibility to the Jazz Club. The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked
flavor, especially for being a special NYE menu. The limited menu had few
appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced. After our
meal, our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it
would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we
had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list.
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio's. 

Run for the hills ... you'll be much better off! 

One night was too much. First room had used tissues next to the bed and I
requested it be rectified. I was then moved to another room around the back
where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it,
the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould. I
called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told
"This is a Days Inn, not the Hilton" and the receptionist then hung up on me. To
warn you to stay away from this place just isn't enough. There was not one ounce
of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will
be warned. 

Grocery and Daily Needs Store 

Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a
dos based software. We were having a major problem in maintaining cash. Being a
grocery shop, maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job.
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time. How FusionRetail
has overcome these issues ? FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an
organised way. Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory
with proper recording of transactions like sale, purchase and returns was never
easy before. How long does it take to train new people at work ? Billing takes
15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes 1 day's training How fast your support
queries get answered ? Over telephone, immediate. On call, it takes a day to get
our issues resolved. 

Can't wait to go back!!! 

This is by far the BEST B&B that we have ever stayed at! We were in Santa Fe for
a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to
stay at. We could not have been more welcomed, more comfortable or more well
fed. The weekend was perfect in every way, in large part to Sue and her great
staff. Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure
everything went well. We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great
B&B...especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the
ladies, and has talked about them since we left! We would highly recommend the
El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe! 

Disatisfied customer, I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their
recommended vendors. A&E came out, charged $129 fee just to walk in the door. I
needed a part for my appliance, the cost was very high so I said never mind,
paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote. The second vendor
charged $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) to come and applied that to the
price of the repair service (which A&E does not). Their quote came in at half
the price of A&E for the same work and same part. Seems to me like A&E charges
way more than necessary! Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well, I thought
that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work, obviously
they do not! 

Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston, NY 

First let me start out by saying, that I have had very nice pedicures at Lovely
Nails on Military Road. I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston,
as I live in Youngstown. I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that
I have had in my life. There were four of us and I was taken first by a
gentleman. I put my foot in the water and it was cool. He did warm it up. He
also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back. If the pedicure lasted 20
mins., that was a stretch. The other ladies had a similar experience, both had
nail polish on a couple of toes. None of us will be using their services again,
which is a shame. 

Good Service - Limited Results 

Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re: infertility. He was
willing to talk to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action. The
office is shared with a foot doctor and it's very sterile and medical feeling,
which I liked. The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the
hallway from other patients/doctors. I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did
acupuncture and herbs. The sessions were nice and I felt relaxed after them but
did not notice any changes with my cycles. I know it can take awhile for results
and didn't expect a miracle, but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely
worth the cost/time. (I am also a little suspicious of all these glowing
reviews...) 

Friendly, clean and excellent location 

The staff was very helpful, and gave us good advice on day and night time
activities. Common room was comfortable and clean, very good room to read or
relax. – A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30am; yummy
fresh Parisian croissants. Comfortable and clean beds, a bit noisy when people
were coming in late from a night out, but we didn't mind too much as we were
also just coming in from a night out! The location is really stellar! It is next
to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for
shopping. It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and
the famous flea Market. We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at
the Vintage Hostel again. 

Just Autos Thank you! Was fast and easy, Just had our car returned this morning,
I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure. They certainly know what they
are doing. The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our cars problems, he
explained the problem and was very up front and honest, it was towed to the
workshop as the gearbox was not working (he explained it better). They phoned
the same day, confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job, I gave the go
ahead. Now my cars gears and brakes have never run so well... ever its like
driving a new car. So yes, I wouldn't hesitate in recommending the team at Just
Autos for easy professional car repairs,Thank you Just Autos for your help. 

I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery. I must say, I was impressed with the size of
the bar area and lounge, & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the
glass! I had a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA. All were awesome, & I
had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers. After my
sampler & sandwich, I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout, I must say
I was impressed, with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me,
I think this is better, its less dry & smoother! If you are in Philly you have
to come check this place out! The only negative I have abou this place is the
parking! I left with a case of BRAWLER!!!!! 

Oil Change Disaster 

My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change. A couple days
after the oil change, the engine ran rough, the low oil pressure light would
come on sporadically, and the engine would whir loudly. Turns out the engine had
no oil, and when oil was put it, it would just run out of the filter. There
could have (hopefully doesn't have) major damage to the engine. All of this
started after their oil change. Once they realized their mistake they sent a
mechanic and tow truck to my wife's work and towed it back to fix it. I would
not recommend this shop for anything, not even something as simple as an oil
change. Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything, and smile while
doing it. 

Liars, negative stars! Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy. The first
time they claimed to get reasonable mpg. However, they would never drive the car
with me in it to prove their findings. I wonder if they were going down a hill!
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles. I brought it back with 9000
miles. They "finished" the work and told me the car was ready. I found out they
did not even drive the car, stated they looked at it before. They still would
not drive the car with me to show their mpg number. They also claimed not to see
anything wrong with the blower fan (a seperate issue), but when I drove the car
home I had the same symptoms. I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic
Canever. 

Great Job 

I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need. Both
my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding. It
was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet
each and everyone one of us. He is very professional in his position as a
director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all
going through. I'm sure its not everyday that a funeral director sees the same
family in such a short time. My grandfather passed away silently in his sleep,
and my grandmother passed away after a short struggle with cancer. Both my
grandparents looked as natural as could be expected. Thank you Mike for all your
help professionally and personally. The Peterson Family 

Poor service 

If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld', you will see it
here. We signed our name in about 6:00pm. There were 3 names before us. The
greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting. However, we waited and waited
and in the mean time, saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without
signing there names. This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “no
reservation, sign your name here”. I had to ask the greeter, he explained his
reasons with broken English. I could not understand any his reasons. I could
only take it as they would seat the people they know first. My conclusion is
that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all
kinds other people being seated before you. 

Instructor never showed up! January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday's 2
PM class "Beginning Yoga with Brittany." We even arrived 10 minutes early as the
website suggests. The instructor did not show up! We waited until 2:25 PM and
then left. There were 2 in our group, and a 3rd person was also in the parking
lot waiting for this class. Well, not much I can say except I'm very
disappointed with this experience. This was our first visit to your studio. In
today's instant world, there's no reason for the instructor not to even have
given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late. As a yoga studio,
I'm sure you're all aware that all actions generate karma … and sometimes karma
can manifest itself on a bad review on Google. 

Finest?? Really?? I beg to differ. 

This place is marginal at best. Not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping
little kids entertained. I was not impressed, and quite frustrated at their lack
of rating for their courses. I understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on
an indoor course, because yes, it is not the same, but some clear understanding
of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate
climber looking to improve. I don't want to waste my time on routes set for
children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain
myself to exhaustion. Rate the routes, with understandable markings and a more
detailed system than easy, moderate, and hard. Again, a great outing for the
kids, a frustration for an out of town climber. 

Best DJ's In Town! 

Wow! These guys were the best. They were thorough, high class, and went above
and beyond. We never had to worry about a thing, and they led the way the whole
time. They asked us things that we would have never have thought of, and took
extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding. Having a team
was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time!
They may look young but don't let that fool you, as their knowledge of music far
surpassed what we expected. I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's, and my
dad worked for a record label in the 1960's. So we didn't expect them to even
know some of the requests that we asked that night. They just really know their
stuff! 

NEVER fear going to the dentist again! 

I'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life. By the age of 24 I
stopped going to the dentist. My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me!
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment. At the front door
of his office, I nearly turned around. I considered just leaving after going
inside and nearly did. Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most
professional people I have ever dealt with. They made me feel confident in what
they would do, and treated me like a member of their own family. I never felt
pain or discomfort. The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as
a whole new lease on life. Thank you Doctor Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie
and the entire staff! Rocky M. Lange Retired Coordinator, Clark County School
District 

HORRIBLE SERVICE AND FOOD 

not only is this place too expensive for what it is, its horrible! In the past,
I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak
(and this was the sirloin!), the sides were drenched with butter and the salad
was a little on the brown side. Today we went for a party (during lunch, so the
place was empty) with about 25 other people. It took over 1.5 hours for our food
to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it! Does it seriously take that
long for a soup and salad? I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve
customers with small children before others, as I was the last to get my food. I
would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here. Texas Roadhouse is
WAY better!! 

Spay and neuter service. 

I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful. But I had my cat spayed through
their reduced/free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first
of all a hour and a half away, and 4 days later we had to bring them to our
normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they
got infections. My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the
surgery, So I would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra
hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit. You'd think they would do
a good job but they don't care unless they are getting paid full price. Which is
so dumb. Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30
minutes after they were out from surgery. 

Billing Issues... 

I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail. My insurance company, Blue
Cross/Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine. Then I got a bill for
$483.00. The doctor's office said that payments had been "reversed". Blue cross
has no record of aa reversal. The office refused my requests to see what they
got from BC/BS. They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now
will not even discuss the matter. I eventually decided to just pay the balance
even though the doctor has already been paid, but now the collection agency is
trying to say another reversal of $160.00 has come through. It was an ingrown
toenail. How much could it possibly cost? Not only am I being bilked for money I
do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot. I think this office has some
serious billing practice issues! 

We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else
to handle our postcards, posters, etc. We were looking for a company with decent
rates as our company was just getting started. They have the best rates and
GREAT customer service. On one order, we needed it rushed and shipped to a
different state. They did that with no problem. I also appreciate their honesty.
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was. They
called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect. They recently
surprised me a larger order. I ordered 1000 postcards, we normally order 5000 or
more. Because they had room to do 5000, they created the larger amount, and
shipped them early. I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs
great work done at a reasonable rate! They have a customer for life in us! 

sheisters 

i made the mistake of buying from these thieves.I paid 2k cash for a truck with
a blown motor.Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and "There is
nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck".Well I think a blown engine falls
under the catagory of mechanics right?Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could
drive it home.The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the
same thing,engine is junk.I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone
calls you back.From a moral standpoint,you guys are really gonna take 2,000
bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you
know its just a piece of scrap metal?If it lasted 1 month i could suck it up but
1 day?Grimy work you guys do.Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2k bucks. 

Best Stationery store in Bethesda 

Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and paper store, just opened a few days
ago. It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss
it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell's. I popped in after
my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks. It's an adorable little
store filled with lots of stationery goodness. Cards, wrapping paper, paper, and
an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for
whatever else your custom printing needs may be. I gave the woman I spoke with
today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool
for helping spreading the word about Papeluna. I ended up buying a birthday card
and would probably come back for more. printing, printing, copies, printing,
copies, printing, 

Watch out for your wallet 

Watch out for your wallet! This company is overpriced for their services. They
pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate
clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good
premise. On a recent event quote that I had done, they came in thousands of
dollars over their local competition. The craziest part is that they aren't even
based locally at the city I'm in- they just have 'teams' in areas through the
country. I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say
about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them
even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing
their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than
help them. Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they can. 

Believe me. This is THE premier university in Virginia. It is also the largest.
With a Pizza Hut, IHOP, 3 Starbucks, Chilis, Panera, and Chipotle on campus
ALONE, VCU has some of the best eating options for students. VCU has the #1 art
school in America, and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling. The Rams, the
VCU sports team, also made the NCAA Final 4 this year, too! VCU also offers
high-rise living for students and professors, and the historic yet fixed-up
houses in the Fan are also available to students, professors, or even people
wanting to live in a safe, viable community. VCU is also minutes from Downtown
Richmond, Canal Walk, Carytown, Stony Point, Short Pump, and the VCU Medical
Center. It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave
reviews every year. The U of R is also recommended, too! 

Orr's a nightmare! DON'T GO! 

My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by
drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs. When
we complained to the management (as we were instructed to do if there were any
problems), nothing happened! Then, the next morning, when we, among many other
irate guests, asked to speak to the owner, he refused to do so. Not only that,
but he told us, via his manager, that it was our responsibility to get up a
second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem
continued, even though his manager did nothing the first time to stop the kids.
Orr is not relaxing, it's not a safe space, and the owner is awful. To add
insult to injury, he refused to refund our money. Don't go! 

FHS is a good high school -- c/o 1998 

I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School. We had relatively good facilities at
the time -- decent science labs, with multiple hoods and access to good
equipment; nice gymnasiums, and a well-funded music department (I was in the
guitar ensemble). Now, of course, there's a new building, with presumably better
facilities. All to the good. For those who care, a good proportion of the my
class went on to 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News.
If I remember, students went to Dartmouth, U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary,
Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among others. Many students went to
Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy program. The point is -- FHS gives
you the opportunity to make it to a good college, but you need to work hard. 

Absolutely the best little motel on the coast! 

I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say
it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm
even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at! A large group of my friends
and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend, and the experience
and stay have always been five-star. The rooms are SO clean, the managers/owners
are the nicest people, the place feels so homey, and the location and grounds
are beautiful. There's a restaurant nearby (walking distance) with a great
breakfast, and a market across the street. The motel is very well maintained,
and the managers are so accomodating, it's kind of like visiting family each
year! ;-) I honestly can't rave enough about this place...it's really a hidden
gem worth checking out! 

My favorite cuban cafe in Orlando 

I have been eating Cuban for a long time, sandwiches mainly along with other
dishes..I love Cuban coffee, colada... mmmm anyways I found this place and can't
stop going there, I stop in at least once a week and anytime I'm in the area for
a Cuban coffee or snack. The place is chill and comfortable. They don't speak
the best English but enough to get by. They bake bread fresh daily, they don't
press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh.
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or
pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains. And their breakfast is
awesome!! I cannot describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the
omelets are to die for. Stop in and have a bite you won't regret it. A slice of
heaven in winter park off forsyth! 

highly recommended. 

I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly
recommend it to anyone. I've read some of the reviews below and would like to
state that yes, like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait
(depending on what other patients are being seen for) and some of the tests and
procedures that are ran can be costly (just like they would be for any other
medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance)...I have seen several of
the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and
consideration. I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they
recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have
the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you. I personally have had
wonderful service and if youre truely looking for a FAMILY practice...Warner
Family is the place for you. 

Not what i expected! 

We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes.. but to our dismay it
didnt turn out that way! ~It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table, once
there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our
starters landed on our table. Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1
rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service... hmm There was no canape's
or amuse to keep us occupied, once we complained about the wait they took us
something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering
round to do that and it was impossible to get anyones attention. Scallops were
overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely. On
top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it....
Wouldn't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper. 

Nice selection, very clean, friendly staff! 

Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family. Everyone can get the signature
dish with ingredients and spices that they want and have the fun of watching it
cook. The staff are very friendly and conscientious. They always ask if you have
meat in your dish, (for vegetarians like me), they scrub an area of the grill
and use separate utensils to cook. They don't just dump your ingredients on and
cook either, but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and
still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush. The selection of meats,
veggies and sauces is awesome too! Every time we go they seem to have a
different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting. Meats are kept VERY
cold, seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean. Prices are
reasonable, (Kids meals are around 4.99) and Wednesday's they have discount
dinner prices, I believe. 

Great Cookies, Cakes, and Customer Service 

It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of
one pre-made in a convenience store, but the problem was it was the day before
Valentines and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle
cake, Fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful
cake. Not only did it taste wonderful, but the texture was unbelievable, the
frosting wasn't overly sweet to over power the cake, and the cake itself was
just amazingly soft, and fluffy, and just perfect overall. Although I'll have to
drive a little out of my way to go there, I'll gladly do it knowing that since
she's been astounding to me once before that she'll always be that way! (Also
she has a really great website! And we bought a few cookies there too, they were
fantastic as well!) She deserves many 5 star reviews!! 

Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor I am a college student.
Before treatment, my food cravings were "out of control" which caused me to be
stressed out. I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and
decrease in stress after the 1st treatment. I actually loss 4 pounds after my
1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment. I was amazed. I am now more
at peace and my food craving is about 99% gone after only 3 treatments. Before
coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came
because my boyfriend's aunt recommended it. It hurt very little, felt more like
pressure than pain. What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring.
She talks to you at each appointment. I can tell she really cares and wants to
help. I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau. Now I feel more confident wearing my
bathing suit in the summer. 

An Asset to Richmond 

For a long time, one big source of entertainment missing from the Richmond City
Limits was a first-run multiplex. Bowtie has filled that role nicely. The
theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away from the Flying
Squirrels stadium. The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while
preserving what was already there. The theatre has greatly improved the
surrounding neighborhood. There's plenty of parking, and I've never had an issue
with audience members who won't stop talking or answering their cellphones. Best
of all, there are no ads!!!!! Just previews and the main feature. Expect to pay
full price, and the theatres themselves are on the small side. But if you like
going to the movies, you should love Bowtie. The mangers also play a classic
movies on Sundays, you can get a beer in the lobby, and repeat customers can get
discounts if they have a member card. A great cinema in a great location. Thank
you, Bowtie! 

Craft Wonderland with History 

My first visit was so fun yesterday. I could have stayed all day and not seen
all the things. I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things
for earrings and got many other ideas there too. I bought a beginners quilling
set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts. The
owner, Jean, has been there 31 years! What a history. She is a super sweet,
lovable and well-informed woman with a great sense of humor. I really enjoyed
meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a
solid no bs country girl. This store is a real gem and has much to offer the
serious crafter or the occasional crafter. By the way, Salmagundi (the store
name) means something like smorgasbord; potpourri; motley; variety; mixed bag;
miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many kinds of things. Great name
for a great store! Shop Local! Barbara Quimba 1/30/10 

the 2010 Genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat! 

I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis. I have never seen this
car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here
and that everyone was so nice to her. I asked her who she worked with and she
just told me ti was the sales manager. I took the weekend off and came in and
asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even
remembered her dog, I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close
attention. We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig
and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have
it!" I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me
and now I couldnt be happier. Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and
know exactly how to treat a customer. Definitely go see them! 

Bait and switch, untrained workers 

Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago, before I ripped out 350sqft of ceramic
tile... was told I would need a "dual head concrete grinder" to remove thinset
and make a nice "finished" look (ready for concrete stain). Was quoted $55 all
inclusive of grinder inserts, etc. No problem, sounded like it's done every day.
Will look beautiful. Got the tile ripped out, call today, now all the sudden
this grinder won't leave a finished look AND it's $125 PLUS around $75 for the
inserts. I can rent another machine for like $60 that will give it a finished
look. So from $55 to $260? Are they serious? I feel like they didn't tell me the
pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they
want 5 TIMES the price? Either these people don't know anything about what they
are renting, or worse- they are bait and switching. 

One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry. Outside of parking
being at a premium, especially on discount days, The Laundry Tub is not filthy
and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in. Yes, there are
bigger, but bigger isn't necessarily better. I availed myself of the wash 'n
fold service, taking just about a year's worth of dirty clothes in and getting
back neatly folded, clean clothes in clear plastic bags (I'd originally brought
them in, in six large yellow garbage bags). The cost was certainly reasonable
and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future. Didn't hurt
any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on
my third visit. Whereas my answer to the question "Where do you get your laundry
done?" used to be, "At the checkout line at WalMart," I can honestly say the
answer now is, "At The Laundry Tub." 

Thank you! 

I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well
Romeo and My family was treated. They worked around the clock to ensure that my
puppy life was saved. We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told
to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I
called I would not annoy them.lol They where super friendly towards us and
treated us like people not walking bags of cash. In this day its rare to find
such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash. I would
strongly suggest you give them the chance to prove to you that not all people in
this world are evil! I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals. I
live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them!
Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my
animals and I are treated. 

Okay, here's the scoop. I'ma regular at the HH. The food is excellent, the
serivce is horrible. I think they're still in the mindset from when it was only
smokers sitting around and drinking... not in any hurry. In my experience the
food has been excellent (for the most part). However, the bartenders/waitresses
definately need to be re-trained (if they ever had any to begin with) and learn
two things: only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently
waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting. In some
cases the result is because of understaffing, in some cases the staff just
doesn't care/know better. They must also get something to keep take-out warm, so
it's not room temperature at best when you get it home. You just have to know
what you're getting into when you go. Nice local pub, excellent food (especially
wings), and don't go if you have a limited amount of time. 

Trust The Midas Touch 

I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles, I have been going
there for years & would never go anywhere else! the staff is very personable &
actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money. This is
however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up
front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner. I look at some of
these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around
them! Like the girl with the fuse problem...Midas has the most high tech
equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in
deed its electrical! maybe you should understand how the world works & realize
you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal. I will
continue going to Dave at Midas because he is one of the most honest business
owners in this town! When having your car worked on you have to trust the
mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust! 

We decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some
interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls-- live scallop
sashimi, duck breast nigiri with foie gras, panko mussels-- but none of these
were particularly great or worth the sticker price. Additionally we tried the
Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15,
$10, and $3.75 respectively). The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great
surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well
worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls). The other rolls
weren't at all special, especially given their pricing. The bottom line is that
the food isn't great and is relatively high-priced. The service is solicitous,
the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out-of-place flat-screen TV playing
football. But I'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut. It's just not worth
it. 

Don't Expect Sleep or Courtesy 

I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007. At 3:15 am on night #2, the
fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room. These are not household type
alarms. When they sound off, it is a true audio/visual experience. I called the
front desk and got no answer. After checking for signs of fire or smoke and
seeing none, I decided to just pack up and leave. The desk agent actually argued
with me, claiming that no such alarm had gone off (as if I would make that up?).
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded, so only 4
guests were effected (no big deal to him). This little drip offered no apologies
whatsoever, and even refused to give me the name of the manager until I pressed
him for it 3 times. This hotel is adequate enough, but there is an obvious
problem with the staff and management. Do not go there if you expect to sleep
through the night. 

Poor Service, Lack of Passion: Do NOT go 

I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in
the quality of care, patient-doctor communication, and just the overall level of
services. The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is
very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office. It took
them nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my
part due to their lack of response and passion (not that it's a requirement for
the job, but it helps to at least pretend to be helpful). Also, I was promised
to have my test results emailed to me, but it never happened, and after a few
attempts to get Dr. Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition, I finally
gave up and went to a different doctor. Please do not go there if it's
professional, friendly, diligent medical services you're looking for. Save
yourself the trouble, money and time and visit a more caring facility/doctor. 

The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn, but advertised all over NY/NJ,
including Fort Lee. When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told
that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra
$100 for them to drive back from your destination. That was not in agreement
eather, but they realy demand it. And another $100 for wrapping the furniture.
So totalling $212 just for start before any work started. Guess what, was not in
the initial agreement as well. I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took
for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track (from 2pm-8pm). The only reason I'm
giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken. So I still
can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially. One
more thing, they don't take any credit cards or checks. You have to pay CASH
ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination. 

Worst Apartments EVER 

We lived here for 2 years, the first year or so was okay. Then, the more power
they gave to Linda, the worse the place got. We were always having our water
shut off, there were always people having parties at the pool, even after it was
supposed to be closed. The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have
people down there until 11:45 yelling, playing music and do who-knows-what in
the dark corners of the pool. Then, when we moved out, we cleaned the apartment
top to bottom, they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees (and
we never got our deposit back) and past utilities (that were already paid, we
have check numbers and records of this). Linda is the rudest person you will
ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live
there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others. Do
not live here, you will regret it! 

The Worst Experience Ever!!! 

I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You, and it started out as a decent
experience. He was referred to me by a friend, who didn't have the best
experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of
preparedness at the end. I figure I would give this company a chance. However,
after giving a required $500.00 (NON REFUNDABLE) deposit before seeing any plans
or ideas, I was sorry I did. We met a couple of weeks later, Ted was late. He
brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over
budget. By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was
basically no design. Just curtains and a couple of accessories. WHAT IS
THAT????? This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it. Please
everyone....take heed and don't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU
working with every budget...This is just a way for them to squirm their way into
your precious pocket 

Horrible. Horrible. When we walked in, the person behind desk said: "oh well,
you must wait, I am in the middle of something." After a good few minutes, he
asked: "what do you want?" Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we
smoked. I asked if this hotel had smoking rooms. He immediately said "no, there
is a $50 deposit now!" Sure enough he charged it to the credit card. When I
inquired he rudely replied "in the morning when things are checked out you'll
get it back." I called customer service about it because the website
specifically states that there are no other charges at the check-in. I also
mentioned to the reception person. He responded "we have problem with 'people'".
Imagine a hotel having problems with people. I finally alerted him to his
rudeness. He said he's had a long and bad day. We had no choice but to stay but
will take this as far as we can. Don't stay there. I came to find out the person
was the hotel OWNER also. 

My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night, catch up on our lives
evening. We live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our
responsibilities for the night. Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13
year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this. My friend called
the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her. They said that we were to
be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72
hours. I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still
wouldn't budge. Times are hard, I know, but they had no compassion. I called 3
times to talked to a manager, never a call back. I emailed 4 times, never a
response. In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that
expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing. I even emailed Mackinaw
Tourist and nothing. I am sure this is a good place to stay from reading the
other reviews, but if something unexpected happens in your life, they will not
care. 

FANFUCKINGTASTIC 

Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford, England. I thought
the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza. I thought to get a decent
pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant, and I have to get a whole pie. I
thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC. Well then I went on a
trip to Glasgow and was walking around. I saw this place and it looked like the
HOLY GRAIL. I knew I had found the real deal, big pies, sold by the slice, with
the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front. They have crushed red pepper
flakes and oregano. So I ordered a slice. It tasted like I just flew back home.
I dunno how they did it, but Scottish friends--- this is THE REAL DEAL. I
congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza
because these Scots fcking nailed it. That being said, I don't know how their
delivery service is. They might want to change the name to reflect the new
yorkedness of the pizza, scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me. 

Good food, good wait staff, poor management 

We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama
Mia's on Greenfield Ave. The food was good, and so was our waitress. When it
came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the
certificate for a tip (which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a
gift certificate for.) I then asked if I could have money back in cash. The
person went to go check with the manager, who was sitting at a table chatting
with her friends who were eating there. Her answer was short and manner rather
rude. Sorry for interrupting I guess. The cashier was also short, unapologetic
and made me feel as I was wasting her time. There were no other options
available (I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost) and she rang
it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy. I
will not be visiting Mama Mia's again. There are other places with food just as
good with management that values customers and employees much more. 

DINING AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE 

TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES. IT
HAS VERY GOOD PRICES. ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH
SEATS. ALSO, THERE SHOULD NOT BE PEANUTS ALL OVER THE FLOOR. NEXT, THERE SHOULD
ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD. ITS NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE
MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT. I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT
MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW. I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS.
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY,THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF
WORKERS STANDING THERE. I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH, 2009. I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY
4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT. THE MANAGER
CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS, HE SAID WE CANT
REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING . IN MY
OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL. BUT
EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY!!!!!! 

Mezza Luna FTW! 

their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls. its like a pizza
roll, but they just toss ham and cheese inside. it seems like its healthier too,
but its prolly not. also, you can call em ahead of time, and then go to pick up
ur food, or have it delivered**. that cuts down on teh wait time, cus u can do
other stuff while ur waiting. it usually takes 20mins for a mezza luna, as they
have to add pure delicious extract to the mix. their pizza was a little salty
for me, but its still good. they do that whole thing where you sandwich the
pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 delicious. anyways, the mezza luna:
you should try it. it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to
hunger. **Edit: Living on campus at Clarkson University, I have had food
delivered before. This was back between '05 and '09 and I don't remember how
many times we've had it delivered. Perhaps they don't deliver anymore, but the
deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup. 

My 2004 x-type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade.
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF. Michael
Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check
it out. I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael. He showed me the
car I was interested in and we took a test drive. I loved the car so we began
negotiating my trade-in and the price of the 09 XF. The entire negotiation took
about 20 minutes. Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal
that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides. 10 minutes of
paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF. I have purchased
over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) in my lifetime and I have to say the
experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the
best. Friendly, knowledgeable, and above all fair. That's all you can really ask
from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3. Thanks for the great deal
and the great car! 

Identity Theft 

Myself and my fiance's identity was stolen from the office staff. We were told
by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual. Luckily they
caught the crooks before they did one on us. It was a black female that use to
work in the office. She stole the information and gave it to another guy that
did all the work. The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious
papers with names and social security numbers on it. Thats how they were caught.
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments.
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers. Nobody lived
there. A girl would show up, then a guy in a nice car would show up. Short time
later the guy would leave, then the girl. My apartment was usually quiet. I
lived in one that did not face the parking lot. Parking spaces are just big
enough for a Mini Cooper. It sucked having an SUV. If I found a spot, I couldnt
fit in it. Gates worked 30% of the time at best. Bugs were a small problem,
nothing too bad. 

The best there is in service. 

I was recently traveling down I-24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and
had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro. It was 4:50 when a friend
told me to call Bud, he would take care of me. Not only did they answer the
phone at 4:50 on a Thursday, they hit the ground moving!. They tracked down the
only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it,
then they came out, took off my tire (it was a runflat - but runflats don't do
you any good if they blow out), and brought it to their shop to change the tire.
They were back quickly considering how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and
had us on our way by 6:30 that evening. Thanks Bud for all of your help and
taking time away from your family that evening. It's without a doubt, the best
service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me
was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear
tire. I hope I can return the favor in the future! Alan Grissom 

Room ok. Service and Client base not ok. 

I have stayed in this hotel many times, and while it typically offers a decent
bang for the buck, its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and
evictees from the local, not so pleasant hood. I have never considered this a
real problem as I travel without kids and can fend for myself, but when I had to
listen to a (non-violent) domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my
last stay and I found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours,
my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another
police dispatch to this hotel, or just get over it. I chose the later, but
approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their
responsibilities on local authorities, not to mention the good nights sleep i
paid for but didnt get. I was told management would call me back but still
waiting for that call. I will probably stay here again because its cheap and I
cant afford a better hotel, but do not look forward to it and would definitely
not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers. 

Was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my
son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long
and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker. He
preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while
yelling at me saying, "you do not order what you do not know about" and "you
don't know how pizza is made". It was very upsetting to see this kind of
behavior especially in front of my four year old. He was in the process of
making me a pie and when I got home, the pie was the worst I have ever seen.
Cheese was falling off, so oily and greasy. I think he did it on purpose because
of my simple request for another slice of grandma that wasn't so well-done
(actually, burnt). I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to
the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically
sabotaging my pizza and taking my $25. THIS STORY IS 100% TRUE. That little man
who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss. 

Long Lines, Silly Rules, Rude Staff, Ok Food 

The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line
literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot. A restaurant with
this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good,
right? I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are
at the best rides. Well, this may be an exception. The staff taking your order
and "waiting" on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service
at all. I have gotten better results talking to COMCAST customer service than
with these folks. And don't even think about asking to speak to the manager
because this guy is, and pardon my French, a jerk. If you have gotten through
ordering, dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules, you
are finally presented with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but
definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle. Save yourself the trouble
and skip this place all together. I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging
Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac. 

Wish this was in Saratoga-- 

We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler-professional diner who happens
to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London,
New York the rest of the year. SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES. She
was dead on-- this restaurant was wonderful--- do not be put off by the one
negative review on this page. I can tell you we were pleasantly surprised -- BT
has taste memory and each time back the food was consistently delicious -- same
dishes -- were consistent. Our friend is a world traveler and loves
unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food. This chef knows what he is
doing. Treat yourself and go-- you will go back! I am a business owner in
downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town! The
affordable rent makes it possible for an inspired chef to serve his high quality
fare at affordable prices! Unlike Saratoga. I rrly seek the cehf out to
introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our
wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how
good our meals were. Cannot wait to go gain. -R. Morris . 

I think that there pretty good. First of all, if you call for an appointment
they won't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one. They
also don't tell you that they're going to mail you an "application" to be
admitted to be a patient. I feel that the way some doctors offices work around
here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two
things in particlular. Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the
following week. The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to
my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal
line but that's a common misconception
(http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm).
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice. But then again I
was nice to them so that could have been why. Anyhow, after reading some of the
other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles.
If you want miracles you'll have to go to 21st St. It's a pretty typical primary
care office but for the area it's very good. They don't do certain things that
are really annoying about other offices. 

First trip to Canada 

I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience. I
work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada
and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed
properly and on time. This can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let
alone adding crossing boarders for the first time. I was very pleased to find my
accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of
my trip. I found the hotel to be amazingly clean, not to mention very well
adorned with many pleasant surprises. From my first encounter at check in to my
regrettable check out I found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation. I
completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the
friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations
themselves. I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be
assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel
will be my first selection. Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ
I am no stranger to tight corners. Please pass my appreciation to the Staff and
Management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a
stressful trip enjoyable. 

Favorite place in Tampa. Update: I had to add to my review. I was just in last
night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room. AMAZING! I frequent
this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch. Well I was in for a
treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my
wife and I would like to sit in their "new" dining room. Right away they told us
that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went. We were
greeted again and sat promptly. After looking at the menu and seeing the new
menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat! I had the Chicken Parmesan
Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner. AMAZING! The portions were
generous enough that we even took some home! I have to say the value of this
place always amazes me. It's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a
place that has upscale service, amazing atmosphere, and Incredible food, but not
break the bank while enjoying it! Bottom line is that when it's a small privatly
owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take
pride in their product and service. Well Done! 

Great work and honest establishment! 

I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership, but it is 6 years old
now and getting charged dealership prices just didn't seem cost effective
anymore. I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few
times. I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to
give him a try. The service was excellent and personable. He checked out what I
needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did
great repair work. The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and
used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when I came
into pick up the car. Also, a week after the work, Phet called me up to see how
my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me
for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount. That is
just unheard of these days! I grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted
your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since I moved
here, but Phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics
around. He is my mechanic going forward! 

Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company, thus
we are certainly a niche market. We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite
some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart, and Ulistic. We
made the decision for a couple of reasons. 1. Social Media. We were familiar
with Search Engine Optimization strategies, but new nothing about Social Media -
we just heard that it was the next big thing. 2. We really liked the fact that
Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key
Performance Indicators. How has it gone so far? Well we have been working with
Ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on Facebook, and
our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic,
which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes
time and to get results this quickly is exceptional. We are absolutely confident
that Stuart's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to
grow, and our business will reap the rewards of this program. Finally, it must
be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with, because of his solid
strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and
a great communicator. 

Excellent service and quality 

I had Hom-Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years
ago. The excellent windows have performed without any problems, but that's not
why I'm writing my review. Three weeks ago, burglars tried to gain entry into
the rear of my home. The intruders slit the screen of the window. Next, they
tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a
hammer. The window didn't break! My next-door neighbor heard the noise and
turned on a light, thankfully scaring the two miscreants away (they even left
their hammer behind!). I called Home-Excel the next day to order a replacement
screen for the window, and was happily surprised when they said that they
weren't even going to charge me for the replacement screen...that it would be
covered under their guarentee. Lo and behold, they replaced the screen (which
had to be ordered) yesterday and didn't charge me a dime. Their worker even
cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me. In this day and age, it
is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging
guarantee policies. I rarely write reviews such as this one, but they certainly
deserve anyone's business! 

Friendly staff, but definitely some problems 

May, 2009. We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town
wedding guests. Got put into the wrong room the first night, and were quite
surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at
1:00 am! Next day got moved into another room, on the same floor with other
wedding guests. There were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2, no linens
for sofa bed. In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and
linens we requested. A package and some wedding cards were left in our first
room. They were sent to our second room and had been opened--the ribbon-wrapped
present, and all 3 envelopes. Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent, but
we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items. A
mid-afternoon "fire drill" was disruptive, putting everyone out of the hotel.
When we called the front desk about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall
outside our door quite late at night, it seemed to take the hotel staff quite a
while to quiet them down. The staff was friendly, especially the front desk
female supervisor, and seemed to want to help, but too many unusual things
happened to make us want to stay there again. 

Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is 

I think this place is probably really great especially judging by the reviews on
here. My experience was awful though. It ALL had to do with the sales guy which
was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks. I was
extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it, but the
sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal. Essentially, I told him I didn't trust
him cause he was a car salesman, but he got so incredibly offended at that
statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before
coming back. I don't know if the kid had a bad day or what, but I had to sit and
apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue. After that, I
just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car. I
played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he
responded with half truths and a few falsehoods. For instance I asked who owned
Mazda and he said with confidence that was GM, which isn't true. I mean, I don't
care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face,
there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car
and financing. 

The Worst Chinese I've Ever Had 

This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had. The service stunk. I
called in my order and upon arriving to pick it up, they got my order confused
with someone elses. They helped about three other people before they offered to
help me again. They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her
$10 more than what she had wanted. She asked for the dinner combo and they gave
her two dinner plates instead. We were standing in the store for 20minutes to
simply pick up an order. Not to mention that the wait staff was about as
pleasant as dealing with an angry bull. They were abrasive and rude - when they
were the ones who messed everything up. We had to throw out about 80 percent of
our meals because the food tasted so horrible. I dont know how it is possible to
make orange chicken, sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs
taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that. The only thing that was
edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable. I
will NEVER go here again. Lucky Panda in Willis is a billion times better in
service and quality of the meal. I have no idea how China Delight won number 1
Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote. 

Terrible Service 

One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop. We took our
vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning. Approx 4 months later, the
compressor went out. We took it back in to have it repaired again, and less than
a week later the second compressor went out. We went in for a third visit and
they fixed it again, but this time when we picked up the car, the radio and
clock did not work. So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2
weeks, we brought the car back again. When we expressed our discontent to the
manager (that's right, the manager), did he say he would return some money, did
he say he would give a discount on our next visit, did he just say "I'm sorry".
Nope, none of the above. He stood there and told us how he wasn't at fault. It
was the fault of the parts supplier, and can we imagine how he felt having to
put another 2 hours of work in the car. And what did we expect...that he bench
test every part. At no time during the conversation did the words, "I'm sorry"
ever come out of his mouth. I, nor anyone else in my family, will ever go to Sun
Devil Auto again. Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car
goes out. 

Do not use this company! 

I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing
to be replaced. I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off. They said it
would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace. I picked it up when it
was finished and was charge 30.00. When I got to the job and tried to insert the
new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT!! I took the original piece of metal and
rigged it to make due since I had to complete the job. I took the receipt and
the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back. The girl at the
desk was sooo rude I could not believe it! She told me she could not use the
piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could
not return it. I explained I did not get what I paid for. She asked me to bring
the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job. She told me
that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or
resell the piece. I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have
a credit. With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and
THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. There are to many people that
need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment!!!!! 

I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based
solely on the owner's own unprofessionalism. When I originally joined in January
I only did so because I was told I would be able to cancel the 12 month
membership if I was to move away. I signed up with one of the staff who was very
pleasant and professional. Actually working out there was good - the machines
are nice and the classes are fun. The locker room is certainly lacking - I would
never shower or change there. They need to update the locker rooms ASAP. Back to
my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my
membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away. The owner was VERY
rude, accused me of not reading my contract, and basically told me to shut up
when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of
canceling my membership. I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee
(which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had
proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner. I would
understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club's
actual OWNER?! Bad for business. I was appalled. I will never recommend this gym
to any woman. The equipment and classes aren't good enough to deal with the
rudeness from the staff!!! There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500! 

The Salon Experience from Hell 

I feel obligated to share this story. Right out of college I called the salon
and explained my situation. Just graduated, just moved, not rich, and starting
new job soon. I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc
info just to make the appointment because if you don't show up, they'll charge
you. I had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named Derrick. After he
already put product on my hair he said "I should warn you, I'm expensive." What
was I supposed to do, say I can't afford you and walk out with crap all over my
hair. I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout
my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown. The other stylists around me kept
pressuring me saying he's so wonderful, you're going to love your hair. $400
later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total. Derrick did a
terrible job, was a complete jerk the entire time, and I had no warning as to
the price. I cried the entire way home. He then "fixed" it for free but it still
looked like crap. I will never go back. It was the salon experience from
absolutely Hell. He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace
and that they were all jerks. That's my favorite show of all time. I'm pretty
sure for the cast that it was the other way around. Maybe he didn't do a good
job and they told him so. Absolute Nightmare! STAY AWAY! 

Very unhappy ... 

Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA, so I did
not know what to expect. That said - he seemed to be doing well enough. However,
then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible
for. I expected to pay for this service, but imagine my surprise when I received
a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared. Asked
why, Rod simply told me that he had to research how to do the amendment (it was
an amended to show that I had purchased a home - nothing out of the ordinary,
one would think) and that took time to figure out. Well, that was strike one. I
wasn't going to use them again, but I was going to leave it at that. However,
now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $6,000+ despite
doing exactly what Rod told me to do, I feel I have to voice my opinion. Last
year, after all was said and done, I asked Rod whether my payment structure
would leave me with no/little tax liability at the end of the year. He said yes.
Well, again, I am now faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15,
2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well, you won't have to pay a
penalty.' I may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is NOT what I had in
mind when hired these guys. In the words of my new accountant, THEY LET ME DOWN!

Bit sketchy, sporadic delivery times 

I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place. Why? Because they
cut me good deals if I paid in cash. Sketchy, right? Well they came through and
delivered almost all of my items within a few days. (They even got me a couch
pretty quickly.) The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the
furniture quickly, Ahmed, was nice and mostly professional, except the
semi-sketchiness. Then one day, Ahmed left the country, not to return for
months, WITHOUT informing me. He also neglected to tell the other person working
at the store about a dining room table that I had ordered and that was supposed
to be coming in. The other person working at the store didn't know that I still
had this table coming. I had paid in cash, and he said he had no receipt/record
of my purchase. I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my
purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care
of the situation. I waited. And waited. He never once contacted us. I've had to
pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive. He kept
saying different arrival/delivery dates and didn't seem terribly apologetic. It
has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table (which was NOT cheap, I might
add). Point is: You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture --
which I did -- but they're not very communicative and god forbid something goes
wrong, you'll have to fight to get it resolved. 

Poor Service 

Run don't walk. My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of
disappointment and anger. If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would.
On August 21st, 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and
contracted for HDS to deliver it. After seventeen days the delivery van showed
up at my home minus two pieces. I was later told they had been left at the
warehouse and some future date they would be delivered. No one will give me a
date. I spent $2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent
condition on the showroom floor. Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was
damaged: a piece of wood was broke on the headboard; the chest of drawers was
missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs; the dresser back legs were
pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall; and a nighstand was missing
a drawer. How do you lose a drawer. After complaining on September 10th to
National Home Furnishings, Boyles, the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery
Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the
dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it
would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned. The
customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise
to proper set up furniture. So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite. I hope
the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes
and furniture sitting in someone's warehouse. Maybe then they will begin to
understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service. 

Excellent Driving School 

I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I've been a nervous
wreck and haven't been behind the wheel. Unfortunately, a family emergency
required me to conquer this fear. A very good friend of mine highly recommended
the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry.
She highly recommended him and described him as the "Saintly Instructor and
Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm, pleasant and very detailed in
giving instructions". I called the school most probably 10 times before I
finally enrolled in a 20 hour package. I had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times
and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my
cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial
lesson. Five minutes before my initial lesson, I got a call from Gerry advising
me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready. My heart pounded as I
walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus! I
thought of canceling the lesson once again because I didn't feel comfortable
driving an SUV. Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why don't we
give it shot. I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all
you have to do is to reciprocate! Trust me and most especially trust and believe
in yourself. Don't worry, I'll take care of you!" ....... the rest was history!
Here I am now driving confidently on my own. Gerry, I can't thank you enough for
helping me cope with my fear. To my friend, thank you for your recommendation...
you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor
...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is! 

Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant 

My family and I moved to San Antonio a year ago and have tried almost all of the
Chinese Restaurants because we love Chinese food. Well it took us a while to
find one that we liked. But we don't just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT.
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than
any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust
me we have been to a lot of them. We just happen to stumble across this little
restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of
Bandera Road. We stopped in and got some take out and cannot stop going back.
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted. We also love their Egg
Rolls and Spring Rolls. And every entree we have ordered is perfect. Everything
is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh. Their prices are extremely reasonable
for the amount of food you receive. The staff is also just so pleasant to deal
with. They are also quick at getting your order out to you. You don't have to
sit and wait around forever like most places!! So anyone looking for an
Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it
because I promise you 2 things---You won't regret it!! and you will go back for
more!!! Karla Ferguson-Granger PS I have noticed on here that someone left a
comment that "all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends" and
I will tell you that I don't know these people except from eating at their
restaurant. We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago. So that comment
is completely false. Because we think IT'S THE BEST!!! and we don't know them
except for eating there. 

Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor 

I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there, but i do know from
personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word,
and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING!! He was going to operate and replace my
bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis. I had a surgery date of
July 17, 2008. Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy, even though i
agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery (as he had twice
stated i must agree to). He later said that by 2 months he "meant at least two
months". Two months and at least two months are totally different things. He did
not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which
i would have. A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed. He
also never even said he was sorry. Just said i was inoperable and walked out of
the hospital room. So, therefore, now he says i am inoperable (even though i am
not 100% inoperable), and he is letting me die. I am just middle aged and do not
want to die, but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives. I, along
with my friends, consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not
even trying to save my life by operating. Even my PA i went to the other day
said "it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do
nothing for you". He said it sarcastically. If you want a doctor who will lie to
you and say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is
talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are
what you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor...he is the
one for you. 

What you can learn from the below 'bad experience'. 

I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the 'bad experience' review.
I'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here, seeing that they don't
just take every dog coming in. I've toured this place and was impressed by how
clean the place was, and all the options for the dogs. It's unfortunate that
bmil believed that his 'perfect' dog was not given the right opportunity to
prove himself. But I've done hundreds of dog introductions myself (another
place, I don't work here), and owners can have unrealistic expectations and
views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs. Workers who do these
introductions look at the interaction objectively; and it's good to see they are
able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem. It sounds
(according to your own statement) that they had a roomful of dogs, so they must
be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential
problems. You say you work a lot, and that you have a young dog; so I have
little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to burn; and it is good of
you to look for a place to take him. But not at a risk to other people's pets.
You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home, to board him - which
might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple
times, getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get
into daycare later. No business is going to push customers away without good
reason; so isn't it reasonable to think they might know what they're doing? My
dogs are far from perfect, and one of them I believe would be a little much for
daycare here herself (at least initially). Be a little more reasonable with your
expectations of a place like this; and maybe don't jump to personal attacks
suggesting that they don't want to work hard, just because you bruised your own
ego. 

Dumbest F'ers ever 

I called dominos tonight, it rang forever, I get put on hold twice without
saying a word and FINALLY someone says, MAY I HELP YOU? So I say: I'm at the
Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square (built in 1926) do you deliver to
the Warwick? They say no, Warwick in New Jersey, Call New Jersey. I laugh and
say, no, that Warwick is in New York, but I'm at the Radison-Warwick. And he
says: You're at Warwick in Pennsylvania? and I said, YES, CENTER CITY PHILLY,
and he says, NO, Warwick is a township, If you're at a Radison in Warwick thats
too far, try dominos in Pottstown. I say, NO, I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL
in Rittenhouse Square. He says: I not know that town, I have to get to work, I'm
in PHILLY. Call dominos in your town. I SAY LISTEN: I'm at 17th and LOCUST, do
you deliver there? He says, I have to have an exact ADDRESS. OK, 1701 LOCUST
STREET i say. he says: Why you tell me your in WARWICK TOWNSHIP? He gives the
phone to a girl, she says, I have to have your address, I say, do you deliver to
17th and locust, she says, your exact address, I say 1-7-0-1 Locust, ARe you
sure? she asks? YES I am sure, well, she says, is that ON 17th STREET. Yes, I
say. 17th, like over by 16th and 15th YES, I say, one mile west of you. You're
at 7th. I am just south of Walnut. She says, Is that 17th like over past broad.
YES, I am west of broad. Broad, I say, is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of
broad and one south of walnut. Hmmm, she says, Then why are you calling here, we
don't go past broad? Anyway, after much yelling and cussing I hung up, grabbed a
cab, and went to Geno's. 

Quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem! 

B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June. They were very
polite, eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from
vacation to begin installing our fence. Our fence was installed quickly in
August and they had their money and left saying "Workmanship is guaranteed for a
year!". Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a
nail had gone in. We called our representative who assured me he would call the
office and have it taken care of. We heard nothing. We then called the office
and the man we spoke to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't
promise when- two weeks came and went and we heard nothing. I just called again
and was told that workmanship, not wood, is guaranteed for a year- well in my
opinion- the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship! She even
went so far as to say "Your calling about one board?" Well- when you pay over
$1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good!!! YES! I WAS calling
about one board!! I'm very frustrated at this point- it would take all of 10 min
for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked (the crack is deep
enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through) yet they do not want to
take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a
dissatisfied customer. So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix
the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know
about how they treat customers once they have your money!!! STAY AWAY!!! YOU GET
WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!! They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know
why!!! When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars,
now for their poor customer follow-up and unwillingness to fix the fence they
have dropped to a one-star in my opinion! 

Lots of rules, phantom innkeeper, last minute price was worth it. 

I called the "207" number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before
I gave up. I then called the 800 number (which was answered) and inquired about
last minute rates. They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked. The room was
supposed to be on the 2nd floor, but they put us on the 3rd. The email
confirmation (which I read in the car) warned about large suitcases, declaring
that we are innkeepers, not longshoreman. In other words, they do not help with
suitcases, but they promise totes to help. However upon our arrival no one there
(the inn was open). So no totes. Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the
corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be
accommodated until 3M, no exceptions. Then she was gone. We returned after 3PM,
found no one there, and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room.
Rules in the room: #1) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you
must prove it by leaving the can in the trash. If they think you've taken a soda
from your room home with you, they will charge you $1.50 per can. They count the
cans in the trash to make sure. #2) If you take the shampoo products home, they
will charge you $8 per item. #) If you want a late checkout, (after 11 AM) they
charge you $15 for the first hour, $25 for the second hour, and after 2PM it's a
full day charge. #4) Breakfast is 8AM to 10AM. No earlier and no later. If you
go later, it's all cleaned up. (By whom, I don't know. I never saw anyone there.
All these rules are posted in the rooms.) Snacks: uninspired bread, tea backs,
and individual coffee things for a machine that didn't exist. I put the coffee
thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee. No wine glasses. Room
was clean, but had a weird, dated, sink/stove combo that didn't work. Bath was
clean except shower stall which had mildew problems. No tub. The Inn touts a
shower with dual shower heads, but only one worked. Don't get the rooms off the
two kitchens. They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything. Free
parking. I'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $99, but I
wouldn't pay their rack rate. 

Quit with the overstatements! 

The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too
many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that "everyone" is going to
"love" the food, decor and service. The truth is, in my and my dining partners'
experience, this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food. It's an
entirely up and down experience, however. Now, the best of that unique food
comes at the very beginning of the meal. The salatim salads are the smallest
plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they
were condiments if it weren't explained to you). Though they are mostly
excellent, you generally don't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love
them. That being said, the laffa and hummus are out of this world. Then again,
for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of flatbread left us fighting
for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers (and yes, those two pieces of
flatbread did represent a three-person order). Dinner was also an up-and-down
experience. The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot-on,
while the lamb was often dry and/or overcooked. The duck was a 65% glob of chewy
fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at
other establishments. Dessert was... hmmm, that's interesting, I don't even
remember dessert. I guess that tells you a lot. Oh, yes, the chocolate
semifreddo was quite good. The warm chocolate cake was very tasty, but served at
room temperature, not warm by any stretch of the imagination. And my--no, I
still don't remember what I had. Service was average, but nothing special, and
restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training
their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not merely capable. Perhaps
had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as
its name suggests (and as the many golden reviews seem to attest), we would have
enjoyed a decent little expensive experience. But one should not go here
expecting something fantastic, unless perhaps you've never had middle-eastern
food before, or succulent duck, tasty lamb, decent portion sizes or actually
warm chocolate desserts. PS) When we called for a reservation, we were told that
5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings. When we arrived at 5, and left circa 7,
there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us. Did they think we were
going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased
with our dining experience? 

MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store. 

At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of
the dresses. They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very
difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of
these dresses. I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked
would look like on a model (by looking the dress up online). So, as I was
leaving I asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my
top picks. They said they were "unable to tell me until they ordered my dress".
Hmmm... A person cannot call a company, if you have no idea its name (since the
designer is unknown... SUPPOSEDLY), and order a gown without a dress name or
style number. Do other brides fall for this??? They either: a) don't want to
give it to me because they don't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b)
are recreating the dresses themselves (ie STEALING other designers' dress
designs and "filling the orders" by their own seamstresses). I'm no detective
but... uhh... seriously?!? Whatever type of operation they are running, I'm not
interested and if you're smart, you won't be either. What a waste of TIME. Aside
from that little *mystery*, one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable
telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one
of her dresses that I was trying on. Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know
any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of
the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and
disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the
one I had on. My point: Even if I was wrong, don't sit there and argue with the
customer. Say something like, "Huh. I didn't think so but you could be right."
Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and
force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely
get you... uh... nowhere. Seriously: do not waste your time. Other shops around
this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners. Not owners that seem like
they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer
service. I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I
wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the
gown I will wear on the most important day of my life. 

AWFUL SERVICE! 

After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past, I was shocked at the
horrible service received at their Greensboro location. I brought my car in on a
Sunday to replace a shredded tire. I waited about 20 minutes in the store part
before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the
shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing
you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you don't see them
drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all other Sear's
use). Once inside, I had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes
before--FINALLY-- a technician got to me. Once I returned to pick up my car, you
can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting. I had wanted
to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being
reimbursed for the tire but was told this wasn't possible. Once I actually got
back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel. OK, one
bad experience...fine. The following Friday, I returned with my car to go ahead
and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn. I would not have gone back, but
I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else. Once
again, I waited for quite a bit before being attended to. I got the order
completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about $40 less
than I expected. He said it was the same tire, and verified this, after checking
both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week.
However, when he printed out the service quote, I could see that it was NOT the
correct tire, and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model. So I
pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the correct
tires in stock. Ok--fine. So I got just my other rear tire replaced. They
promised it'd be done within an hour, so I waited in the lobby. Over two hours
later (and ten minutes before they closed) my car was finally finished. A few
minutes after I left, I was called and informed that "I" left my wheel lock
(which they should have left in the car). Of course, they would be closing in 5
minutes, so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day. Of course I
couldn't make it back in time (and they apparently could not stay 5 extra
minutes to wait for me). The next day, no one could find my wheel lock and that
particular technician was not in. Of course, they couldn't call him either to
ask about it because apparently they don't keep their employees' phone numbers
(riiight), so I would have to return on Monday (driving for 3 days now with no
wheel lock should I get a flat). On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do
to find anyone who knew anything about it. Supposedly they will be holding it
for me this evening, but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal. The employees
at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of
management that I could see. I will never return there again (and now have some
serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car). 
