What if Google Morphed Into GoogleOS? What if Google expanded on its
search-engine (and now e-mail) wares into a full-fledged operating system? [via
Microsoft Watch from Mary Jo Foley ] 

(And, by the way, is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that
was a good thing?) This BuzzMachine post argues that Google's rush toward
ubiquity might backfire -- which we've all heard before, but it's particularly
well-put in this post. Google is a nice search engine. Does anybody use it for
anything else? They own blogger, of course. Is that a money maker? 

I'm staying away from the stock. 

I doubt the very few who actually read my blog have not come across this yet,
but I figured I would put it out there anyways. John Donovan from Argghhh! has
put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in
Fallujah. Click here To view it. 

He makes some good observations on a few of the pic's. One of the pictures shows
a flag that was found in Fallujah. On the next two pictures he took screenshots
of two beheading video's. Compare the flags to the Fallujah one. 

You have to see these slides....they are amazing. This Fallujah operation my
turn out to be the most important operation done by the US Military since the
end of the war. 

Let me join the chorus of annoyance over Google's new toolbar , which, as noted
in the linked article, commits just about every sin an online marketer could
commit, and makes up a few new ones besides. I'm not fond of the
Google-hates-privacy argument (You don't need to use their site, you can opt-out
of sharing your information, you don't need to send stuff to anyone with a Gmail
account, and if -- wonder of wonders -- you're worried that you might send
something to someone who would forward an excerpt to someone who would then
store it on a Gmail account... you have far, far too much time on your hands).
However, this toolbar is really bad news. On the other hand, it looks pretty
cool. 

Iran says it is creating nuclear energy without wanting nuclear weapons. The
United States doesn't believe the Iranian Government. One can suspect the
Iranian Government. But there is no proof . I read an Article in Time magazine
accusing the Iranian Government of being willing to start a nuclear war and I
sympathise with the Article. They are certainly being nasty to the United
Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty. The
President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he
couldn't even begin to try without nuclear weapons. But he has insisted that he
wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes. Many people want to use diplomacy
with Iran rather than military pressure. But will diplomacy work? And can anyone
use military pressure without proof? One reader pointed out that the President
watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage. He has denied
this. We don't have to believe him. But we can't prove it. It does seem that
Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof. 

Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja (pop.
256,000) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops
were buried on Saturday. Reuters reported that "Sunni clerics in the town issued
a 'Declaration by the people of Fallujah' condemning the deaths of the security
guards and police, announcing three days of mourning, and calling for a general
strike today." It read, "The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was
committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah. Let
aggressive (American) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of
protecting the city's security and safety, and ask them to lift their hands from
the city." The clerics demanded talks with local US commanders. Falluja has long
been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there, since local Sunnis
either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists
or even radicals. Cities such as Falluja received special treatment from Saddam
and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country's wealth and power. They
know that the American advent implies for them a demotion, and an elevation of
the Shiites and Kurds, and they refuse to go quietly. See
http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=97508 

The Supreme Court announced its ruling today in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld divided along
idelogical lines with John Roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the D.C.
Circuit level and Anthony Kennedy joining the liberals in a 5-3 decision that is
185 pages long. The actual vote is a little confusing. Stay with me now: John
Paul STEVENS delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I through
IV, VI through VI-D-iii, VI-D-v, and VII, in which KENNEDY, SOUTER, GINSBURG,
and BREYER joined, and an opinion with respect to Parts V and VI-D-iv, in which
SOUTER, GINSBURG, and BREYER joined. BREYER filed a concurring opinion, in which
KENNEDY, SOUTER, and GINSBURG joined. KENNEDY filed an opinion concurring in
part, in which SOUTER, GINSBURG, and BREYER joined as to Parts I and II. SCALIA
filed a dissenting opinion, in which THOMAS and ALITO joined. THOMAS filed a
dissenting opinion, in which SCALIA joined, and in which ALITO joined as to all
but Parts I, II-C-1, and III-B-2. ALITO filed a dissenting opinion, in which
SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III. It will take me a little
while to read the whole thing, but I rarely agree with a John Paul Stevens
opinion. I'll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when I'm finished. 

Important news such as President Bush's miniscule calibrations on his marriage
amendment/anti-gay (update: he's not against gays in the bedroom, just at the
altar, where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but
should be constitutionally excluded) has pushed Sudan not just off the front
pages, or the A section, but out of the NY Times and Washington Post completely.
I had to go to the BBC for this report . It's symptomatic, I suppose, of our
fast-paced, 24 hour news-cycle lives, that the biggest short-term humanitarian
crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed, once our Secretary of State was
finished with his whirlwind tour, from the newspapers. It's just disappointing.
Most troubling, however, is the fact that the political will to end the crisis
expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed. At that time, UN Secretary
General Kofi Annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in Darfur
within 48 hours. Two weeks later, and the violence continues. The African Union
is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace, pledging 300 troops to an
area that will need 15,000, according to analysts. And international donors have
given only half of the relief aid that Darfur needs, according to the local UN
officials. So hear we are, two weeks later, after that dazzling PR display two
weeks ago by Powell and Annan, and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears
basically unchanged. 

Warren Buffett is giving away 85% of his wealth , mostly to the Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation. It's a move that really worries me; Buffett's usual
justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding
the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate, so any gifts now would mean
significantly less money for the foundation later. It's a little hard to parse,
but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good
money-redistributors, and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible.
Which essentially sounds like he's worried that Bill or Melinda are going to die
soon. I assume his actual reason is that he's worried that Berkshire Hathaway
just can't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy. I'm not sure
how the market will react. It doesn't change the company's intrinsic worth, and
as the article notes, the company might be added to a major index once the
shares get more liquid. On the other hand, this is essentially a statement that
the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be
the best investor of the last century. em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly
invests in medical research and education, that means donating now adds a
tremendous value compared to donating in ten years. Because the 10.000.000
people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead. i.e. 

He's not giving 85% away, he's giving a number of shares each year that decrease
in number at the rate of 5% a year (until gone?). He mentions his wife's death
having an effect on him. It sounds pretty rational that he's saying that Bill
and Melinda are at a prime spot, so starting the money hose now is a good idea,
but Buffet is still keeping most of his donation inside of Berkshire where it
will compound. 

Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN,
even the leftist countries in Europe, are basically accepting terrorist
organizations as legitimate forms of a political party: On the same day
Palestinians protest in support of Hezbollah and Syria , the terrorist group
Hamas has indicated it will participate in the scheduled upcoming Parliamentary
elections . To the north in Lebanon, there is serious debate within Hezbollah
about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria's promised
withdrawal. Syria has agreed to withdraw under the conditions set forth in UNSC
Resolution 1559 , which has already begun . UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has
indicated it is time to "recognize Hezbollah" after easily being duped by "the
message on the placards they are using". This acceptance of blatantly terrorist
groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the United
Nations and the media. Over three years after 9-11, the United Nations, despite
their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism , still cannot properly
define the word "terrorist" , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of
innocent civilians are terrorist acts. The media routinely obscures the lines
between terrorism and legitimate resistance, as the recent article by Daniel
Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates . ... 

The decision to sidestep the obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation
does not bring peace, but only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of
Hamas and Hezbollah exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the
media. I've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now, ever since some
organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that
Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon. Wtf is this? This is a terrorist
organization plain and simple. This is the organization that bombed our Marine
barracks in 1983, took Americans hostage throughout the 80's and now they should
be considered a legitimate organization? This is just another reason to never
trust the MSM, and certainly not the Europeans. 

The Iraqi Islamic Party lead by Muhsin Abdul Hamid, has been among the few Sunni
Muslim groups willing to cooperate (even if rather lukewarmly) with the
Americans. It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government.
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the
elections scheduled for January, and had been opposed in this stance by the
Association of Muslim Scholars. That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now
contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a
mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing, thus fatally
weakening the legitimacy of any new government. Az-Zaman : The Association of
Muslim Scholars forbade Iraqis to participate in the attack on Fallujah with the
Americans. In a communique, the AMS said that for Iraqis to take part with
"raiding forces" in the assault on a city, the population of which is Muslim
(such as Fallujah) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins. The Sunni
AMS told Iraqis, "You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the
assault on Najaf, and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah. Remember
that the Occupation is emphemeral." 

The radical Shiite Sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation
of Iraqi troops in the attack on Fallujah, as well. The statement said, "We
direct an appeal at the men in the Iraqi forces, whether national guards or
others, the majority of whom are Muslim, calling upon them to refrain for
commiting this enormous sin under the banner of forces that do not respect our
religion or any principles of basic humanity, and we ask them to view this war
as illegal." It called a "ploy" the assertaion that the attack was merely on
foreign fighters at Fallujah. The convergence of views among the more militant
Sunni Muslim clerics of AMS and the radical Shiites of the Sadr movement has
been seen before, last spring during the initial US assault on Fallujah and
during the US attack on Mahdi Army militiamen in Najaf. Most Shiites, however,
are still reluctant to take major risks to support the Sunnis of Fallujah, many
of whom had supported Saddam and his anti-Shiite pogroms. 

President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Muslim groups criticized President Bush on Thursday
for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a "war with Islamic
fascists," saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions. U.S. officials
have said the plot, thwarted by Britain, to blow up several aircraft over the
Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda. "We believe this is an
ill-advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate Islam
or Muslims with fascism," said Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on
American-Islamic Relations advocacy group. Which is why he didn't say we're at
war with Islamic people. We're at war with Islamic fascists. By using the word
"Islamic" as an adjective Bush was purposely not associating Muslims with
fascism, hence the qualifier. And if you haven't heard by now, the roster of
suspected terrorists has not a Tom, Dick or Harry among them: Umir Hussain, 24,
London E14 

Muhammed Usman Saddique, 24, London E17 

Waheed Zaman, 22, London E17 

Assan Abdullah Khan, 22, London E17 

Waseem Kayani, 28, High Wycombe 

Waheed Arafat Khan, 24, London E17 

Cossor Ali, 24, London E17 

Tayib Rauf, 21, Birmingham 

Ibrahim Savant, 26, London E17 

Osman Adam Khatib, 20, London E17 

Shamin Mohammed Uddin, 36, Stoke Newington 

Amin Asmin Tariq, 23, London E17 

Shazad Khuram Ali, 27, High Wycombe 

Tanvir Hussain, 24, London E10 

Umar Islam, 28, (born Brian Young) High Wycombe 

Assad Sarwar, 25, High Wycombe 

Abdullah Ali, 26, London E17 

Abdul Muneem Patel, 17, London E5 

Nabeel Hussain, 21, Waltham Forest Lest you be confused with the suspects from
an earlier plot foiled in Canada a few months ago: Fahim Ahmad, 21, Toronto;
Zakaria Amara, 20, Mississauga, Ont.; 

Asad Ansari, 21, Mississauga; 

Shareef Abdelhaleen, 30, Mississauga; 

Qayyum Abdul Jamal, 43, Mississauga; 

Mohammed Dirie, 22, Kingston, Ont.; 

Yasim Abdi Mohamed, 24, Kingston; 

Jahmaal James, 23, Toronto; 

Amin Mohamed Durrani, 19, Toronto; 

Steven Vikash Chand alias Abdul Shakur, 25, Toronto; 

Ahmad Mustafa Ghany, 21, Mississauga; 

Saad Khalid, 19, of Eclipse Avenue, Mississauga. We've got a Steven, the one
word that didn't crash my spell-check, despite it being followed by a Vikash
Chand Abdul Shakur. Folks, if it's Islamic, and fascist, it's an Islamic
fascist. But because we don't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone's a
possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it's ever been. 

On the internet site of Monotheism and Holy War (al-Tawhid wa al-Jihad) , the
group allegedly declared, "We announce that the Tawhid and Jihad Group, its
prince and soldiers, have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen
Osama bin Laden." This pledge is a new development. Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and his
group are said to have been bitter rivals of al-Qaeda during the Afghan
resistance days. One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that
Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al-Qaeda
in the early zeroes of the 21st century. If the statement is true, it is a
worrying sign that even the divided small radical guerrilla groups are being
"picked up" by al-Qaeda. This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush's
aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath. It is a
setback for the war on terror. 

Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred "Afghan Arabs" who
pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden. It could notionally be expanded to
encompass the 5,000-strong "55th Brigade" of the Taliban regime, though this is
not the technical definition. Because Usamah is Saudi, my guess is that they
were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam
that predominates among Saudia's some 15 million citizens. In 1998 they were
joined by Egyptians from the al-Jihad al-Islami group of Ayman al-Zawahiri (many
of these were from Upper Egypt, especially Asyut and environs). After that
point, al-Qaeda was a joint enterprise between the Egyptian extremists and the
polyglot Arabs around Bin Laden, only some of whom were Saudi. Zarqawi is a
Jordanian, and his Monotheism and Holy War group in Afghanistan probably had a
distinctive coloration as mainly Jordanian, Palestinian and Syrian. They also
had a special connection to some extremists in Jordan and Germany. They are
probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought,
which has a Protestant-like emphasis on going back to the original practice of
the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad. (Most Salafis are not militant or
violent, though they tend to be rather narrow-minded in my experience, on the
order of Protestant Pietists). Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a
violent interpretation of Salafism, rather as the the leaders of the so-called
German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did. Another worrisome sign is
that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have
begun joining Monotheism and Holy War, and wearing its distinctive orange and
black insignia. These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in
Baghdad and in Samarra. So now there are hundreds of al-Qaeda members in Iraq
where there had been none before. The consolidation of smaller local radical
fundamentalist groups with al-Qaeda can also be seen in the case of the Fizazi
group in Tangiers that morphed into the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group , had
members who met with September 11 ringleader Muhammad Atta, and ultimately was
in part responsible for the Madrid train bombings. 

The September 11 Panel will issue its findings on Thursday. It notes 10 points
at which the US made key mistakes that might have stopped Bin Laden's plot. Four
of these were under Clinton and 6 under Bush. 

Bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming, he would have
expended every effort to stop it, and that so would have Clinton. This statement
is, despite its facade of fair-mindedness, so many weasel words. Of course Bush
would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming. The question is,
"Should he have known it was coming?" 

The answer is, "Yes!" 

We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with
Iraq. Cheney was looking at maps of Iraq oil fields and muttering about
opportunities for US companies there, already in January or February of 2001.
Wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar Richard Clarke when the latter
spoke of the al-Qaeda threat, insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism
against the US came from Iraq, and indicating he accepted Laurie Mylroie's
crackpot conspiracy theory that Saddam was behind the 1993 World Trade Towers
bombing. If you believe crackpot theories instead of focusing on the
reality--that was an al-Qaeda operation mainly carried out by al-Gamaa
al-Islamiyyah, an Egyptian terrorist component allied with Bin Laden-- then you
will concentrate on the wrong threat. Even after the attacks on September 11,
Bush was obsessing about Iraq. Wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a
10 to 50% chance that Iraq was behind them. (On what evidence? The hijackers
were obviously al-Qaeda, and no operational links between al-Qaeda and Iraq had
ever been found). Rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al-Qaeda bases in
Afghanistan, saying there were "no good targets" in Afghanistan. (What about 40
al-Qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning
for the United States??) The Pentagon did not even have a plan for dealing with
Afghanistan or al-Qaeda that it could pull off the shelf, according to Bob
Woodward. Bush did not have his eye on the ball. Neither did Cheney, Rumsfeld,
or Wolfowitz. They were playing Captain Ahab to Saddam's great white whale.
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and
counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin
Laden and the threat he posed. They were from all accounts marginalized and not
listened to. Bush demoted Dick Clarke, among the most vocal and focused of the
al-Qaeda experts, from his cabinet. Dick could never thereafter get any real
cooperation from the cabinet officers, who outranked him, and he could not
convince them to go to battle stations in the summer of 2001 when George Tenet's
hair was "on fire" about the excited chatter the CIA was picking up from radical
Islamist terrorists. As for the Clinton administration, let me say one thing in
its defense. Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops
team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar, based from Pakistan. I presume you need the
Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong. You also need
Pakistani air space. The plan was all set and could have succeeded. But in fall
of 1999, Gen. Pervez Musharraf made a coup against Nawaz Sharif. The Pakistani
army was rife with elements protective of the Taliban, and the new military
government reneged on the deal. Musharraf told Clinton he couldn't use Pakistani
soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden. Look at a map and you
try to figure out how, in fall of 1999, you could possibly pull off such an
operation without Pakistani facilities. Of course, you could just go in by main
force. But for those of you tempted in that direction, please look up Carter's
Tabas operation. It should be easily googled. Clinton tried, and tried hard. The
gods weren't with us on that one. 

that is how i want you to refer to me as "the king" 

i don't think so. 

i'm the king 

yeah 

sounds exciting. want to go to dinner with me before you have your 'matt time'?
probablyl gonna just kick it 

you know, whatever. i will let you know later. what are you doing tonight. 

like what? 

i can think of a few things 

your retarded. i used to have one. they are great dogs. 

cockerspaniels are retarded. why do you think i should get one of those? 

can't believe you left last night. 

nice sarcasm. that's fine, i don't want to see you either, i just need to make a
cd. i can't wait 

i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket, like tony's. someplace that is
like $30 an entree. 

yeah, i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald's. that may be too nice though.
what do you think? 

we can go somewhere nice. real nice. 

oh. my bad. i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet
with. bet? really, i have no idea what you're talking about. you must be
thinking of someone else. i don't even like a&m, i wouldn't bet on them. 

colorado beat texas a&m. i know you remember the bet. 

no. i got her number though. i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown
leather jacket. what happened to you? i had a blast that night. 

did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night? 

no i am not lying. i flew here last night. are you lying? 

i am out of town. i am in portland. you can buy me dinner when we get back. 

i am sure they are. houston won't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect
satelite offices. economy should be good here. 

hopefully she doesn't hose you. 

I'll probably start looking next weekend. I heard that more may be going up for
sale in the next month or do. Someone told me that Chase is planning a shitload
of layoffs. I am not sure how reliable that is, though. 

she is waiting to see if she can get financing. 

Mike McConnell 07/06/2000 14:57 John, 

Hello from South America. I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff
making the call. He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva. This was a
risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance.
I don't know how much it will help however. Richard Harper and Mary Nell
Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you've already gone through it
with them. I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project. When you
discussed it, i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the
3 years have made it difficult. I don't know if there is anything I can do but
I'm always willing to help. 

Good luck, Mike 

These guys tried the Ken Lay route. Now they are part of your working group. 

Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone:
212-902-3724 Fax: 212-428-1181 E-Mail: hilary.ackermann@gs.com Dear Mr.
Lavorato: 

Following up on your and Ken Lay's conversation with Gary Cohn, I would like to
forward the following proposal, acting for each of Goldman Sachs Capital Markets
and J.Aron. Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory
Phone: 212-902-3724 Fax: 212-428-1181 E-Mail: hilary.ackermann@gs.com Not going
well 

Hello Louise, 

I know you must be going nuts with all the events, so I have not called. 

Hope you will be sorted. Call me if you have time. 

M 

Please update daily 

Louise, There are only two counterparties at this time who have overdue margin:

Original Margin Call Margin Due Today Kinder Morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000 AEP
$19,250,000 $38,750,000 ------------------------------ Totals $22,750,000
$40,000,000 Please let us know if you need any additional information. Stephanie

not sure, but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine. is it for guitar?
I'll need to ponder. I'll try to get back to you pronto. 

FYI. We have this report? 

Hi David: Thought that you might be interested. 

Best, Jeff 

Well, he launched today. Have you seen the materials from the press conference
that he launched today? I think this is actually a good thing--makes our
proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison, makes our
support in the process more important, and sets Harvey up as the Ralph Nader
equivalent in the election to fix California's broken system---a potential
spoiler. Hi. Well, wouldn't you know it. I'm not driving tonite, but I bet that
we could hitch a ride back with Anil. I'm not sure, but I think that he's got
class tonite, too. I'll search him out before class or after that break and see
if I can set it up. 

daily dose on enron - we are finished. i need to now get a job at house of pies
b/c that is the only way to pay the bills. the economy is down and when enron
collapses, the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt. not to mention
the market is going to be flooded with enron folks . can't go to anymore lsu
games unless i get a free ticket. Since work has gone to hell, I am hoping to
find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl (if
Rohan "Alabama" Davey shows up for the next 3 games.) However, do not purchase
tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last
season. 

http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16473
http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16475
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsunotes08.html
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/secnotes08.html
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsufoe08.html 

i have stronger will than you think. house of pies here i come. 

i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action. why is enron
blowing up? i didn't want you to go. i was just going to sleep anyway. i was too
tired to give you any action. enron is blowing up. 

Vince, We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction, now that the forex
desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market. Further to my voicemail,
our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the PSE swap. They are
currently using 9.5% fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility. Volatility of
USD/DM has been in the range of between 7% and 11%. Can one of your research
staff justify a suitable 20 year volalatility number for USD/Euro. Ideally, we
would like a fast turnaround. In addition, is there someone who could consider
the correlation between US CPI and the $/euro exchange rate. The credit guys are
currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double
dipping the credit reserve on this basis too. Grateful for any help or
suggestions you could provide. Sid Vincent, 

I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston. I enjoyed your
presentations very much. I was wondering if you could give me some references
regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model. Thank
you. 

Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC
CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly, Inc. (202) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street,
N.W. (202) 296-3858 facsimile Washington, D.C. 20006-3700
mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail 

Andrew Edison@ENRON 06/02/2001 10:53 AM I have settled the Ecogas/Enron/Randy
Maffett lawsuit. No need to thank me,just send me gifts. Seriously, I talked
this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $53,000. Hall
has agreed to release Enron, Ecogas, Maffett and every affiliate, related party
and subsidiary. He will also release any and all patent issues. The goal is for
him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well. I have asked Doug
Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement. Please
handle. Becky Stephens@ENRON 06/12/2000 10:20 AM Richard, below is a list of oc
invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00. Please verify receipt at your
earliest convenience. Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices.
Holland & Hart, LLP; #432785 dated 4/14/00 Michael L. Beatty & Associates, PC;
#10461, #10469 & #10468 dated 5/28/00. 

Becky A. Stephens Litigation Unit, Enron Corp. 713/853-5025 EB4809 I am on
board. If the PX comes back again, I will call their in-house attys. 

Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate 06/04/2001 05:54 PM Can you pass this along to
Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well? We are renewing our L/C's on a
month to month basis for the PX per Sanders. However, the request below is to
"replenish" the CASH that was drawn down...please advise. I agree with Steve's
position stated in his separate e'mail. Don't give these guys a penny.----cgy 

Tracy, Do we have concerns here. We pointed out to the PX that there was excess
credit. By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required
levels available? 

Sara, 

Attached below is Davis Thames' presentation regarding the proposed Project
Bruin. I will forward the draft Bear Stearns term sheet separately. 

Paul 

Team, sorry for the delay on getting this around. Please advise when you can
meet to discuss issues related to your area. Thanks - Davis Clint: I spoke with
Mike Collins [203-719-8385 (phone) and 203-719-7031 (fax)] who conrfirmed to me
that the cap included the remaining 2.5+million remaining shares. 

Please return an executed copy of confirm to me. 

Thanks. sara 

My assistant Joanne Rozycki has cell, car numbers to reach me. I'll be back on
Monday. 

Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX
77002 Ph: (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490 Thanks. SS 

Sara, 

Currently we have a blank "sample" for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to
our sample ISDAs for (a) US Corporate, (b) Hedge Funds, (c) Municipal. I will
extract the one for the US corporate Paragraph 13 and email to your contact @
First Union Securities. 

The sample includes our "caveat", so it should be fine. 

Susan Susan: While Tanya is reviewing credit, can you please send a "blank form
Paragraph 13" for this master. Just our standard. Caveat: subject to credit
review even though there are blanks. Thanks. Sara First Union Securities, Inc. 

Hi Sara, 

I just wanted to follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft
Credit Support Annex (similar in form to the one previously executed with ENA).
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the
appropriate sections blank in the meantime. Thanks and regards, 

Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President Equity Derivatives First Union Securities, Inc.
Telephone: (212) 909-0951 Facsimile: (212) 891-5042 email:
vijay.suchdev@funb.com <mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com> 

Michael Olsen@ENRON 12/07/2000 02:29 PM Daren, 

I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a
general feel of your end of the process. Pat had told me before he left that it
would help me better grasp the process as a whole. I understand the imminent
cold weather is making things crazy, so now may not be the best time to be in
your way. But let me know if I can spend a day, morning, or even just an
afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time. I think it will help
me very much in my role. 

Thanks. 

Mike 

The new fixed price deal with Equistar is #365013. 

D 

Daren 

We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000/d at meter # 1552 QE-1 @
$4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is? Thanks 

Melissa, I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th. 

Daren 

August 11,2000 

Teco Tap 108.333 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron
August 12, 2000 

Teco Tap 85.000 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron August
13, 2000 

Teco Tap 32.500 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron I'm working hard for you! Now at
83.5. I need a new lawnmower, so I'll try to bump it up a little more. Hope
you're doing good. 

D 

??? KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. ? WE AT HOME LOVE IT AT $80+++ ? KEN 

These have been sold. 

Geoff, 

Thanks for the pictures. Looks like the kids had a great time! 

I hope you don't mind, but I've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo
album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday. If you want to
pass this web site address along to other folks, feel free. If you want a CD
copy of this web site, give me a yell. 

Thanks, 

Ram Tackett, (mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net) Owner, Abacus Technologies 17611
Loring Lane, Spring, TX 77388-5746 (281)651-7106;Fax(281)528-8636 Web:
http://www.abacustech.net - Ram Tackett (E-mail).vcf 4222 

Debra Perlingiere 

Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction. 

Debra Perlingiere 

Are you free for lunch some day this week? Also, I have an extra ticket for the
Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go? The game is at 12:Sat @ Compaq
Center. Would love for you to join us. I am bringing two of my girlfriends from
LJ. Debra Perlingiere 

Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed. I am sending you a version with
comments. 

dp 

Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for
Enfolio gas purchase agreements? As we're getting more and more of those
agreements, I'd like to add a template in Global Contracts. Thanks! 

Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net Works, LLC - Global Contracts
Stacey.Richardson@enron.com (713) 853-0569 Office (713) 646-2495 Fax (713)
710-6084 Pager Today is good 12:30 ? Cafeteria is fine. 

I'm free any day but Tuesday. I better pass on the Comets game. My weekends seem
to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting. Thank you though. Are you free
for lunch today. I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables. Let me know if
you are interested. Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal,
EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address:
janette.elbertson@enron.com Are you free for lunch some day this week? Also, I
have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go? The
game is at 12:Sat @ Compaq Center. Would love for you to join us. I am bringing
two of my girlfriends from LJ. Debra Perlingiere 

ok call me 

Maybe 12:15? 

Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal, EB3326 Telephone: (713)
853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address: janette.elbertson@enron.com
Today is good 12:30 ? Cafeteria is fine. 

I'm free any day but Tuesday. I better pass on the Comets game. My weekends seem
to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting. Thank you though. Are you free
for lunch today. I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables. Let me know if
you are interested. Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal,
EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address:
janette.elbertson@enron.com 

Move-Team@ENRON 09/20/2000 03:22 PM Sent by: John Salinardo@ENRON it is to late
for me to add changes. We will have to correct them after the churn. Thank you
for you patience. 

The Dow topped out in February of 1966 at 995. By September of that year the Dow
had tumbled to 744. The Dow then rallied to a high of 943 in September of '67.
By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825, only to climb to a highly speculative
peak of 985 in December of '68. The Dow then sank to 631 in December of '70. By
April of '71 the Dow had climbed back to 950, only to fall to 869 in February of
'72. A big rally then took the Dow (unconfirmed) to a record high of 1051 in
January of '73, turning everyone bullish. But by December of '73 the Dow had
collapsed to 788. Think that was bad - by December of '74 the Dow had sunk to a
bear market low of 577. At that time, the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were
predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism.
Of course, that was the bottom 

And that's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way
down. By late 1974 investors were dizzy, they were desperate, they were
wrung-out, they had left Wall Street, many for good. great, we look forward to
seeing you. 

DEBRA PERLINGIERE 09/20/2000 09:32 AM I will not be there at 7:30, but will see
you arond 9:30 on Tuesday. 

Many thanks! 

Debra Perlingiere 

Edward Terry 09/08/2000 09:55 AM FYI, 

Per the memo, ENA's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588 mmbtu!!!!!! 

Robert D Morgan 09/08/2000 09:36 AM The results of the February 26th PVT test
conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three
months. As we have discussed....effective Sep 13th, Anita will make the
adjustments to Enron's inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th
results. I talked with Gary Wilson, and he confirmed that the revised values are
correct. Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values. 

The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections. The results of the
February 26th test reduces the working gas by 398,487MMBTU. In addition, there
is a reduction of 22,101MMBTU which is the difference between the SCADA values
(Best Available) that Anita showed on the February 29th Storage Sheet and the
"official" February 29th values that Gary Wilson received from MIPS. To
summarize: Enron's pad gas will now be 3,993,310MMBTU, instead of
4,223,000MMBTU. Enron's working gas will be reduced by 420,588MMBTU. 

Call me if there are any questions. 

fyi 

yeah i got yelled at also. i tried to say i wasn't that drunk but z wasn't
having any of that conversation. she told me that after friday and saturday she
felt i was slowly regressing. then i told her i felt i should be able to screw
missy just once. she said that was ok. 

Did you get in as much trouble as I did this weekend - Lori seems to think I
need to get help - I told her it's normal to drink all day at a bar, then go to
dinner where you don't know half the people there and proceed to get extremely
fucked up *******************Internet Email Confidentiality
Footer******************* 

Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message. If you are
not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the
message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone. In
such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply
email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to
Internet email for messages of this kind. Opinions, conclusions and other
information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my
firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it. Job ID: J12746KM
Job Title: Attorney Location: Houston, Texas USA Compensation: $60000 - 70000
Description: Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to
join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense. They offer an
exceptional compensation package including a healthy salary, comprehensive
benefits program, and ample room for associates to grow within the firm. KM
Requirements: You'll be able to use your 1-4 years of experience with Toxic Tort
to complement your desire to stay with the firm. Company: Marvel Consultants,
Inc. 28601 Chagrin Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44122 USA Email:
recruiters@marvelconsultants.com <mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com>
Phone: 216-292-2855 Fax: 216-292-7207 thanks I've thought about you a few times
in the last few months, didn't want to intrude upon an already bad situation
with my bullshit questions. I'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the
people I know at ENE. I wish I had the capital to open my own shop?there will be
talent and opportunity a plenty on the market soon. I'll ask around?I've got
some friends at Duke and Dynegy from B-school, the Gianoucous (spelling??)
brothers (John and Dimitri?from elementary school) started their own outfit a
while back, and my old man is at Schlumberger and has good contacts in general
(if you aren't married to a trading environment). Give me a few days, and I'll
be in touch. Michael you guys have any job opening for ex natural gas traders
that made their now almost defunctc ompany over 40 million in the last two
years? not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i'm checking out
my options! 

Rodgers As we discussed, here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter. I
drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term
and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind.
Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can
revise accordingly. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 

see you there at 4:00 unless I call you 

Mark E Haedicke Sent by: Janette Elbertson 02/28/2001 03:16 PM Please use the
form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses. Please be
brief! 

Mark E Haedicke Sent by: Janette Elbertson 02/28/2001 04:41 PM Please update the
attached Legal Risk Report. Send the revised report by e-mail. Thank you. 

Mike Curry 11/14/2000 11:37 AM With Elizabeth's comments added to summary... 

yuk. so sorry to have to cancel that deal is making like it wants to close and
the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up don't they know we have better
things to do here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving sorry again 

per my vm John Lamb@ENRON 11/15/2000 11:58 AM Attached are clean and blacklined
drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made in support of EPMI's obligations under
the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement ("PPA") and Green Premium
Sharing Agreement ("GSPA").? The guaranty for the PPA is blacklined against the
Enron EPC Contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in
connection with our Cabazon Wind Power Project (the project most recently
financed by EWC) and the GPSA guaranty is blacklined against the PPA guaranty.
As we discussed last week, since the Enron guaranties will need to be in a form
that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants, we thought
that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that
was negotiated by Enron and the banks. We plan to use the same basic form for
the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the
seller's obligations under the PPA. We will forward the draft of that guaranty
to you later today. Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions
concerning the attached guaranties. Thank you. 

- PPA Guaranty.doc - GPSA Guaranty.doc - REDLINE GPSA Guaranty.doc - REDLINE PPA
Guaranty.doc 

? 

Sheila Tweed 03/26/2001 08:58 PM Mary Hain 03/23/2001 12:24 PM I am going to be
the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on April 9, 2001. My
last day in the Portland area will be March 31, 2001. I enjoyed working with you
and wish you the best of everything. My new address will be: Mary Hain Senior
Regulatory Counsel ISO New England Inc.One Sullivan Road Holyoke, MA 01040-2841
(413) 535-4000 mhain@ISO-NE.com Mark 

Here is a revised draft of the CDWR risk memo. Events change everyday. This
morning's paper reports that a rate increase of 40% may be imposed by the CDWR
as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 billion
(rather than the 10 initially discussed) Mark As we discussed, here is a copy of
the draft memo. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 see you there on court 10 ps I may have
to come back to work for a 615 call 

Here is latest draft of risk memo (STILL IN DRAFT FORM). I faxed comments to you
on dash. Do you have any current info on deal status? 

Thanks Elizabeth 36349 

Vince, Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday? 

Frank 

Sheridan, 

I have just checked with RAC (David Gorte) and we have a green light to go ahead
with the project. I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details. 

Vince 

Sheridan Titman <titman@mail.utexas.edu> on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 PM Vince: 

I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we
discussed a couple of weeks ago. Perhaps, we should start with just a 1 or 2 day
contract where I give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and
come to Houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for
additional work. regards, 

Sheridan Sheridan Titman Department of Finance College of Business
Administration University of Texas Austin, Texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 (phone)
512-471-5073 (fax) titman@mail.utexas.edu Bryan, 

Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you? He looked like a
great guy for your group. 

Vince 

David, A reminder. We discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with
Prof. Sheridan Titman from UT. Any feedback from Rick Buy? Please, let me know.
42299 Vince 

Kevin Kindall@ENRON 01/24/2001 03:51 PM Per our conversation yesterday... 

Hi Kevin, 

Further to your call attached is a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk
Managers Conference in Edmonton in the fall of 2000. I'll try and send one of
Peter Cox' as well but may have some problems due to file size. In any event, my
presentation should give you a starting point. 

Mike 

- Cfoforum.ppt 

Darrell, 

Thanks a lot. A quick question: we haven't received your invoice for the last
few model / paper reviews. Please, make sure that we are billed. 

Clewlow/Strickland book is out. I shall send you a copy today. 

Vince 

Darrell Duffie <duffie@Stanford.EDU> on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 PM Please respond to
Darrell Duffie <duffie@Stanford.EDU> Vince/ Taiichi 

In case you are interested, I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling.
Best, Darrell 

_____________________________________________ Darrell Duffie mail GSB Stanford
CA 94305-5015 USA phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu
web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
_____________________________________________ - Paper4.pdf 

Al, 

I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested. Even if we cannot help you
here in Enron, he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town.
Please, call him directly and give my name as a reference. (713) 853-7408 

Good luck. 

Vince 

Vince J Kaminski 01/24/2001 11:21 AM Al, 

I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail. 

Vince 

Al Arfsten <arfsten@bflassociates.com> on 01/24/2001 11:16:25 AM Vince: Your
suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed.
I hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level. The
design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the
effort might be. Enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept
enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished.
Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the
interest generated. 

I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate. Best
regards, Al Arfsten 713 965 2158 

Martin, 

No problem. Please, ask Stinson as well. 

Vince 

I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background, he would be good
to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well. Would this be
fine? Thanks, Martin 

We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders. Once we get the word
from Lavo we'll let you know. Thanks 

KK 

Kam, 

Are there any new developments in the trader world? We still have the traders
and books that you provided last week, but need to know if there are any changes
to this. Please let us know if you need a change so that the deals will bridge
with the correct books. 

Thanks, Dawn 

Hey, 

I am going to have to miss your wedding. Unfortunately, I will be in Plano that
weekend. I wish I could make it. 

What's going on with the UBS weather position? Has that gone anywhere or are the
other possibilities you had better? 

Talk to you soon, 

Kam 

Hey guys, 

I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of
who will be attending our wedding. If you would be so kind, could you possibly
let me know of your status over the next couple of days? For those of you who
already sent us an RSVP response recently, please disregard. Thanks for your
help! 

Jeff 

WT Cal has been added. Could you run those additional post-id's? There are deals
in the Aruba book so I'm not sure why you aren't picking those up. The deals are
listed below. Thanks 

EY4096.1 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 6,363,217 -$ 250,393 EY4096.3 PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P 202,989 $ 195,610 EY4096.4 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 F 0 $ 31,180
EY4096.7 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -6,363,217 -$ 55,678 EY4106.6 PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P -1,993,045 -$ 32,387 EY4106.7 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 1,993,045 -$
43,548 EY4106.9 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 27,886 $ 27,361 EY4108.E PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P 12,514,373 -$ 265,932 EY4108.F PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 112,610 $
110,555 EY4108.H PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -2,239,879 -$ 36,398 EY4108.I
PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -10,274,494 -$ 166,960 Thanks 

As seen below, Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather than the EWS DPR
2002 file to send to Chris. The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF's.
Thanks Kam could you also CC me the first few times you send it? While our
established schedules of Tuesday and Friday DPR's would have us reporting
tomorrow's activity on Monday, we will change that for month end. Please email
the January 31st DPR information for your respective groups to my attention by
noon on Friday. You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02
DPR. All p&l and PRMA numbers should be in $'000's. Starting in February, you
will be able to export the data, as opposed to using the spreadsheets. Thanks,
Chris Abel Manager, Risk Controls Global Risk Operations chris.abel@enron.com
<mailto:chris.abel@enron.com> 713.853.3102 Kristen, 

Attached are all live financial deals by risk type. As you can see, the price
data is too large to fit into one tab. After tomorrow, I will no longer have
access to the estate files. Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility
for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests
going forward. Thanks 

Kam 

Ed, Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate. After this
weekend, we will no longer have access to the estate files, these people will be
able to help you with any of your questions. We will still be around to assist
them if needed. 

Thanks 

KK 

Here you go... 

AC Sanjeev, 

I should have a list of post-id's for you by 4:30 today. After friday, I will no
longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I
could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it. Let me
know if that doesn't seem possible. Thanks 

Kam 

Hi I´m from Brazil and I want to know of book 06.Is good or bad?what's your
opinion?kisses leli 

its good. u must read it. pairing up of harry and ginny is cool 

Its awesome- better than book 5 

An orphaned, two-month old African elephant named Olly received an extremely
uplifting Christmas present this year: an airplane ride just for him, courtesy
of the International Fund for Animal Welfare and their friends 'The Bateleurs'.
Animal News Center Webmaster 

Hello, 

We have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on
Astrology & Palmistry and everything in between including Gemology, Feng
Shui/Vaastu Shastra. We look forward to your active participation to make this
forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals. Regards 

Swetha 

Play your CD's, 8-tracks, reel to reels, cassettes, vinyl 33/45's, and shellac
78's through this little integrated amp, you'll get a big eye opener ! complete
with original Magnavox tubes- all tubes have been tested they are all good-
stereo amp 

Heterosexuals increasingly back gay marriage 

By Deb Price / The Detroit News Deb Price When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones
talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice, his wife of 35 years,
one special ingredient might surprise you: Double-dating with coupled friends
who happen to be gay. 

* 

Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar, up above the world so high,
sun has risen in the sky, uthke jaldi pee le chai, then call me up and say "HI"
** 

Good Morning* * Have a Nice Day* ** ** -- Thanks and Regard Rajendra
rajendra.o...@gmail.com image_gif_part 81K Download 

I just finish reading a really good book (it was actually a ebook) from some new
series called the The Tale of Terra. The story had brillant battle scenes,
lovable heroes and villians, a compelling story line, and it left me dying for
the next part of the series:) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it 

Email: Roving Mouse <s...@tack.net> Groups: alt.animals, alt.animals.cat,
alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, talk.politics.animals Followup-To: alt.animals 

You will always find fascinating links at: Extreme Web Surfs
http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ (nice urban wildlife post today) & Me and
the Web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ Arts, History,Animals, Music,Games
,Politics,Technology, Fun and more! .. 

Email: franz371...@gmail.com WE HAVE A DATE FOR THE RELEASE OF RAGNAROK ONLINE 2
(beta anyway)September 16-18, this was announced by Gravity CEO Kim Jung-Ryool
on either 16th or 17th of july and as i don't want to take someone's credit's i
got it here^^GameSpot By the way we now have a "forum" in the post link Reply 

Email: "Ian"<ian.gilb...@btinternet.com> Groups: alt.animals.cat 

We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join
our branch and make a secure on-line donation to the charity. Please do visit us
and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk PS - we also have
more cats coming in for re-homing see our 'Homes Wanted' page Thanks for looking

Ian - Webmaster www.southbhamcats.org.uk 

Key Delhi blast suspect arrested 

Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected
co-ordinator and financier of last month's deadly bomb blasts in the city. Delhi
police chief KK Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar, and said police were
hunting for four accomplices. He said Mr Dar, 33, was arrested in
Indian-administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar-e-Toiba
militant group. 

The India Diaries 

I like the way Otto Jespersen (in 'Language: Its Nature, Development and
Origin') aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with
one of the theories of the Manchester School of Economics: 'Everything is for
the best in the best of all possible worlds if only no artificial hindrances are
put in the way of free exchange, for demand and supply will regulate everything
better than any Government would be able to.' Portia 

This is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea. And a portion of each package or
memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database. 

So be sure to get your pet's memorial on the site and if you have a charity /
rescue, make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the
profits from the site. 

Best, Cindy 

"...there is no companion quite so devoted, so communicative, so loving and so
mesmerizing as a rat." ~CGoehring 

Email: Anthony Beavers <CognitiveScienceN...@gmail.com> Inhibitory Systems
Control the Pattern of Activity in the Cortex 

"Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the
cortex, which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical
operation, according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron.... The
findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only
the amplitude, extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory
cortical networks, but also the precise timing of action potentials, and, thus,
network synchronization..." 

-- Posted by Anthony Beavers to Cognitive Science News at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 AM

Email: "engin i. erdem"<erdemen...@gmail.com> ** *Worldwatch Projects
Catastrophe Will Be Most Costly Weather-Related Disaster in History*
*Washington, D.C.-* The overwhelming human and financial impacts of Hurricane
Katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the
United States and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a
healthy resource base, according to an assessment released today by the
Worldwatch Institute. Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of
wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally
vulnerable to the forces of nature. According to many scientists, the early
results of global warming—90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf
and rising sea levels—may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina.
*...* 

http://reflectioncafe.blogspot.com/2005/09/unnatural-disasterthe-less... 

Email: n3td3v <xploita...@gmail.com> n3td3v saw this story on BBC News Online
and thought you should see it. ** Google defies US over search data ** Web giant
Google is resisting an attempt by the US to force it to reveal what users are
searching for. < http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/em/fr/-/1/hi/technology/4630694.stm>
** BBC Daily E-mail ** Choose the news and sport headlines you want - when you
want them, all in one daily e-mail < http://www.bbc.co.uk/dailyemail/> **
Disclaimer ** The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail, and
anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC's views or
opinions. Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender
have been verified. 

If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more
about the BBC's Email a Friend service, please read our frequently asked
questions. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/help/4162471.stm 

[http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=624569&section=news]
With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago (from the economic
summit), President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies
in Santiago. The talk of the day besides a more level playing field with China
was North Korea. China has been a great help at getting North Korea to the table
and Bush is hoping that with their cooperation Korea can become a nuclear free
peninsula. 

REUTERS/Jason Reed U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese
President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago. Bush is in Santiago for
the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders meeting. Hopefully
President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen
our Chinese allies, but will also help fight the war on terror. Selah! 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 PM 

Email: BlackBayou <BlackBa...@excite.com> Groups: alt.animals.cat 

I started this page to help with my boredom. I have Chronic Lyme disease, so I'm
stuck at home. I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my
boredom and depression. 

I enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends. So I started
a small mailing list and added their addresses to it. Along with an area on the
page for those to join the mailing list. I started with 21 email addresses. We
now have over 5000 addresses. My wife and I would love for you to come and visit
our page 

http://www.myshutter.com/flash.htm our collection of comedy
http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled, I was an AVID amateur
photographer.. come and visit and sign our guestbook -----= Posted via
Newsfeeds.Com, Uncensored Usenet News =----- http://www.newsfeeds.com - The #1
Newsgroup Service in the World! -----== Over 100,000 Newsgroups - 19 Different
Servers! =----- 

Handcrafted Furry Animals Wholesale, Call for a Catalog NOW! 732-657-3416 

has life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur, feathers
and sheeps wool. Dogs, cats, rabbits, wolves, moose, horses, you name it, we
have it. People love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and
collectables. They are very well made and realistic. Attention Retail Stores &
Vendors: We are looking to expand our Wholesale Clients across the Nation. If
you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport,
Hunting, or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products,please give
us a call! 732-657-3416 We have a Full Color Catalog and Wholesale Price List
ready to mail to you today! No minimum order amount. Any orders at or over
$500.00 an additional 10% off the total order. We accecpt: Visa, MasterCard,
Amex, Dinners Club/Carte Blanche, & Personal Checks/Money Orders. Animals R
Us.Net Bill Schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 Jolson Court
Manchester, N.J. 08759 

Wei's Magic Cubes 

Wei Ligang, a rising star of modern art in China, just had an exhibition in
mid-July, 2005 in Hong Kong. He is now lecturing in USA. His art perfectly
combines painting and Chinese calligraphy. He is regarded as one of the leading
Avant-Garde artist of modern calligraphy. His artworks were selected and
exhibited in British Museum in 2002. "Wei has given some virtuoso performances
with brush and ink, often incorporating several different techniques into a
single work," said Gordon S. Barrass, curator of the exhibition. In the world of
"Wei's magic cubes," all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky. All are
mathematical, all are linguistic. In Wei's art, a logician could see
mathematical logic, a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes, a country
girl could see straw, and Harry Potter could see two accompanied green blazes.
"...to gaze at Wei's art is like entering a floating world of dreams." --- The
Art of Calligraphy in Modern China (British Museum Press, 2002) 

[http://news.zdnet.co.uk/internet/0,39020369,39187928,00.htm] 

Photo from Technology News Wiki Media Foundation, the group behind the Wikipedia
online encyclopedia project, said Friday that search giant Google has
volunteered to host some of its content on company servers. (ZD Net) It looks
like the war between Microsoft and Google is quickly brewing on the horizon.
Microsoft is 4-0 (they took down Netscape, Suns Systems, MAC and IBM) and Google
may be their next target. Google is probably making this move to counter
Microsoft Search using Encarta (it's online dictionary). More below. 

But it looks like Google isn't opening it's mouth about the reason behind the
offer as Linux News reports: "While we don't have anything specific to announce
today, Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating
creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community." Sure Google, although
this would put it on coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014. It
will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft
Goliath, who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition.
Selah! 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 PM 

Email: "Ruth"<ruth.penyc...@bbc.co.uk> Hello there 

Action Network is a BBC website for people who are taking action on issues that
concern them. I'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people
campaigning about hospital closures. We've got a page dedicated to issues around
hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/C55153 ) and a group called
NHS SOS have already put up a campaign about ward closures in Cumbria. I'm
hoping to build this up to be a hub for all the campaigners - a place where
people can exchange ideas and advice. It would be great if the person from CHANT
who started this page would put up a short description of the campaign and a
list to this group page on the Action Network site. Action Network is also a
good place to post details of events, or try to rally together a group if you
want to take action in your area. You can attach anything you write to pages for
your local area, as well as to the 'issue' pages. I'm more than happy to help
people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me
a message. Otherwise, hope to see you there! Kind regards Ruth Penycate
www.bbc.co.uk/actionnetwork 

Winston Peters is visiting a school. 

In one class, he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a
"tragedy". One little boy stands up and offersthat, "if my best friend who lives
next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him, that
would be a tragedy". "No," Winston says, "That would be an ACCIDENT." A girl
raises her hand. "If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff,
killing everyone involved... that would be a tragedy". "I'm afraid not,
"explains Winston, "that is what we would call a GREAT LOSS." The room is
silent, none of the other children volunteer. "What?" asks Winston, "isn't there
any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy?" Finally, a boy in the
back raises his hand. In a timid voice, he says: "If an airplane carrying
Winston Peters was blown up by a bomb, THAT would be a tragedy". "Wonderful!"
Winston beams. "Marvelous! And can you tell me WHY that would be a
tragedy?""Well," says the boy, "because it wouldn't be an accident, and it
certainly wouldn't be a great loss!" 

[http://www.space.com/astronotes/astronotes.html] 

Photo from Space.com (Space.com) It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems,
Inc. is visualizing a "space highway" going from the moon to Earth (and back
again). "Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that
will establish the equivalent of a two-way highway between the Earth and the
Moon," Kistler told SPACE.com. "Our plans include raising private capital to
develop, build, flight test, and operate this Earth-Moon highway for the benefit
of the country and the benefit of our investors." Wise decision to go through
the private sector--NASA's budget may be kinda tight to fund a project like
this. 

This group does sound pretty interesting though. The Lunar Transporatation
Systems (LTS) is actually being funded by two space businessmen, Walter Kistler
and Bob Citron. Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of
the space industry, and both are also involved with another space company called
SPACEHAB . They want to use LTS to tie into NASA's vision for Space Exploration,
and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction. "We are so
excited that the White House and the recent new government space policy
underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting NASA develop its
plans for the new Vision for Space Exploration," said Walter Kistler, LTS
co-founder and Chairman. With their proposal of a "Earth-Moon" highway, it looks
like space tourism may become a reality sooner than we think. Selah! 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 PM 

[http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/ft_050829_ksc_spacefuture.html] 

(Space.com) U.S. astronauts will launch to the moon on sleek, single, shuttle
booster rockets and the first new upper-stage rocket this country has developed
in more than a decade, NASA and the Pentagon have told the White House. 

Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be
lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo-era Saturn 5, the most
powerful rockets ever flown. It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the
shuttle model, as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia
has recently proved. Although these new rockets are probably more expensive,
they will be able to go at a much greater range than it's shuttle cousins, as
they can not only break free from the atmosphere but reach the moon as well. 

"NASA will initiate development of a Crew Launch Vehicle derived from space
shuttle solid rocket boosters with a new upper stage for human spaceflight,"
said the letter, signed by NASA Administrator Mike Griffin and the Pentagon's
top space official, ex-astronaut Ron Sega... 

"NASA then plans to develop a new 100-metric-ton-class launch vehicle derived
from existing capabilities with the space shuttle external tanks and solid
rocket boosters for future missions to the moon," the letter said. NASA is
planning on using these new shuttles to replace the current models, with
industry forecasters predicting a launch as early as 2014. The new rocket design
will differ slightly from it's predecessors, in the fact that the crew and cargo
would launch separately from two different rockets each and join up in space
later on. Launching this way will hopefully avoid future disasters, giving more
support towards NASA revisiting the stars. 

-- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 8/30/2005 09:36:00 PM 

George and Lynne 

image001.jpg 51K Download Funny stuff 

lifted from another list 

Amy:-) 

------ 

We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through
Congress. 

- Will Rogers 

I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to
read the description in the catalog: "No good in a bed, but fine against a
wall." - Eleanor Roosevelt 

------ 

Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people only once a year. 

- Victor Borge 

------ 

"By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a
bad one, you'll become a philosopher. 

- Socrates 

------ 

I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. 

- Groucho Marx 

------ 

My wife has a slight impediment in her speech. Every now and then she stops to
breathe. 

- Jimmy Durante 

------ 

I have never hated a man enough to give his diamonds back. 

- Zsa Zsa Gabor 

------ 

Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups:
alcohol, caffeine, sugar and fat. 

- Alex Levine 

------ 

Money can't buy you happiness... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of
misery. 

- Spike Milligan 

------ 

Until I was thirteen, I thought my name was shut up. 

- Joe Namath 

------ 

Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life. 

- Herbert Henry Asquith 

------ 

I don't feel old. I don't feel anything until noon. Then it's time for my nap. 

- Bob Hope 

------ 

Don't worry about avoiding temptation... as you grow older, it will avoid you. 

- Winston Churchill 

------ 

Maybe it's true that life begins at fifty... but everything else starts to wear
out, fall out, or spread out. 

- Phyllis Diller 

------ 

By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step, he's too old to go anywhere.

- Billy Crystal 

__________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Tired of spam?
Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around 

image_jpg_part 52K Download 

What language is talked in Iguazu? 

portuguese spanish 

Green Tea Or White Tea? 

Green 

Green Tea. 

Green tea 

What is this Miramar? 

It is a place in Argentina lol 

Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba? 

Not me sorry. 

Does anyone know of any good food in iguazu? 

Not me sorry. 

Which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^? 

=) 

What are some Major land forms in Ireland? 

Mountains, cliffs, peat bogs, valleys 

Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ? any format url ? 

Υes. 

how fare of kolkatta? 

kolkatta is an Indian State. 

lol... Kolkata is not for sale!!!!!! roflmao 

Which do you prefer Crab or Shrimp? 

I like shrimp,fried,grilled,or steamed. 

crab 

shrimp 

how much does it cost to join world resorts international? 

could not find any info online email them at address below E-mail:
memberservices@worldresortsinternational.com m 

Who is artist Gunther Uecker;explain? 

http://www.kettererkunst.com/bio/GuntherUecker-1930.shtml His work
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1G1GGLQ_ENUS359&q=gunther+uecker+biography&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l3-1l1l0&um=1&ie=UTF-8&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=N&tab=wi&biw=1221&bih=756&sei=XVG5TqrrGoXK2AXG0ry-Bw#um=1&hl=en&rlz=1G1GGLQ_ENUS359&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=gunther+uecker+artist&pbx=1&oq=gunther+uecker+&aq=1S&aqi=g1g-S3&aql=&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp=13ddcdc64cbf5fd&biw=1221&bih=756

How much does it cost to buy a Big Mac meal in your area? 

Here in Indiana I think it's like $3 or $4 for a meal. 

in n out of the chicago area? 

which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago
area besides five guys and smashburger? 

Where to buy bodybuilding supplements in Delhi? 

Any particular shop that you know of AND their number. 

Atal Pharmacy, Karol Bag. 

kindly contact laxmi nagar zim in delhi.. 

Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar? 

Heck there must be at least 1 korean. 

No, but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA-ha! 

Can you use the 'find my phone' feature to track someone else's phone? 

You'd need their Apple ID and password, if you had that then yes you can track
any iPhone. 

Besides eating good foods, what else do people do in Miramar? 

Well, they have a variety of sports that they play like basketball, soccer, etc.

Well they play the Wii like me :) 

Is Hank Green Awesome? 

The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome. He needs a shower, and he picks his
nose all the time. He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression... 

weather in december in Tremblant? 

Typically it's cold. There may or may not be snow, depending on local weather
conditions. In the ski resort areas, there will likely be man-made snow on the
slopes. 

jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ? thx for
your ans.? 

As in the old days, varnish is often used as a protective film against years of
dirt, grease, smoke, etc. 

Fun picture websites (:? 

I'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but
ones that aren't very common and have a variety of funny pictures! Please give
me lots of links and places to look! Thank you (: 

Ifunny.com 

how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail? 

Carve one in your chosen medium. Make a mold. Cast. Depending on scale, just buy
a fish and make a mold from that They sell these kits in most hobby and craft
stores. 

Do you prefer ham, bacon or sausages with your breakfast? 

Without a doubt..... bacon! :) 

thick cut bacon or really good sausages 

with my breakfast I like bacon and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a
grand slam with pancakes and the works. 

Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off? 

Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off? 

Yeah you gotta burn it..thats the only way 

Yes , they all have secret locator chips , just like gps 

Yes. 

mazzoni's deli best italian food in phila pa? 

is mazzoni's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian
food in the country??? because all of the food blogs Ive read say so and I will
travel from maryland if thats true 

yep 

Dinner and dancing in Chicago? 

I'm under 21+ and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner
where they play music and there is a dance floor. It's okay if it's a little
pricier. Any good suggestions would really be appreciated. 

Rumba Room 

Courage the cowardly dog? 

In the Episode "So in Louvre Are We Two", How many diffrent painting/scupltures
are their and who are the artists? Link to video:
http://www.livevideo.com/video/C8F5BBEC570C4A4DBC326F694D79942A/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx

You should really ask this in the art section. Theyre probably just drawn for
the show anyways. 

Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick? 

Cotton Candy Corn Dog Candy Apple Meat Kabob 

Ship on a Stick (Prize at various trivia type contests on board.) 

All of those ;D 

Monkey Brain. What country are we talking about? I like my Monkey Brain on a
stick for sure. 

How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section? 

I mean besides me of course. 

Because obviously most people have never even heard of this section. 

Someone had to be first. I have never been there. 

well, I don't ask questions here because I have no clue what "Iguazu" is... 

What do you think of Air France? 

I love Air France! Their service is top-notch and I especially love the free
French champagne served even in Economy. I also find their food way better than
many other airlines. Plus you land in a preferential terminal... I go out of my
way to use Air France. 

expensive 

What's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine
parrots? ? 

I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck, did a bunch of research, (I'm a very
experienced bird owner, macaws, cockatoos, amazons), And noticed two other
breeds that look a lot alike. So does anyone know what the difference is? Thanks

if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me? 

i put $5 bucks down for it too. 

no they wont be able to some gamestops dont check ID for the pre-order so some
ppl can get away with doing this but alot of store want to see your id and/or
your reciept of the pre-order 

Has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises? 

I'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my
travel. Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with
travel and training 

I haven't personally but I know a couple of people who have. Wendi has worked
for them have a look at her blog. 

Best POS system in Philadelphia ? 

What is the best pos system I can buy in philadelphia pa? I need something
reliable and good looking. 

Prosperity POS makes the best pos systems. I use them for my restaurant and
always get compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how
good the support is. Do yourself a favor and give them a call.
http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya 

What are "good" speakers? 

I've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 ive currently got a jvc mini hifi
system, i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers. I like music very
loud and with a lot of bass. also i was wondering, is it true that the bigger
the speakers are the better. thanks 

B&w. Bose is not good 

USPS Delivery in Auckland,NZ? 

I have ordered Bose Headfones worth 300USD. They have been shipped using USPS
Priority Mail International Parcels. will i have to pay customs in NZ. its a
gift from my brother. why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift...?? i always
thought theres no custom charges for gifts. 

Yup. 

Yes,you must pay customs duties. 

24 hour fast resturants near by? 

Well theres Mc.Donalds,Taco Bell,Burger King.....But my resturant is way better
than all of them...and it's quite close. It's just up the highway and right
around the corner.... 

Nearby what? Loop, North Side, South Side, near suburbs, far suburbs? Chicago's
a big area. 

PORTILLO'S OR WHITE CASTLE! :D 

NZers: Have you decided who you're going to vote for? 

And has this changed from previous years? I'm just curious. Bay of Plenty- Are
you even old enough to vote? hahaha 

not sure yet 

John Key, and no 

Maybe Labour. John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates, while the rest
of us pay. Yes, I have usually voted National. I do see myself as a conservative

Arriving in Auckland on a direct flight from Canada.? 

Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to
Christchurch? In our hand luggage or do we have to put it into our checked
luggage? 

Yes. I don't think it matters 

We'll see you on 'Border Patrol' 

Yes you can carry your duty free bottles, and liquids onto your connection as it
is only a domestic flight :-) 

Studying in Quebec,Canada? 

If I went into the "pre-university" direction with business administration in
mind. Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job. would I be able to
go back to school after a year break at a university to get a Bachelors degree
in business administration? Any information would help. Thank you 

You should be able to no problem. Universities will take you whatever age you
are. 

What would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop? 

and where can I find them? 

Background support systems. Or background stands buy them in any good
photography supplies shop. 

frame thumbs down??? odd considering this is a search on the net:
http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=backdrop+frame&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1

Backdrop stand. Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it
in the search box (or look for studio equipment supplies). 

out of carnival, royal caribbean, and norweigan (cruises) which is the best and
why? 

I prefer Royal Caribbean out of all these. There is so much to do onboard. The
new NCL Epic does sound amazing, although I haven't sailed on her yet. 

None of the above. 

Of THESE three, it's a toss-up between Royal and Carnival. NCL is a notch below
either, in terms of quality and service. 

Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they're hooked up to a
computer that is turned off? 

Mine does. I have the HTC Evo. 

depends on the computer if the computer is completely shut off, the USB ports
aren't getting power, so they won't charge your phone many PCs have sleep &
charge now, that allow the PC to go into sleep mode, and still allow the USB
ports to charge things like phones. 

what is a good slogan for an Argentinian restaurant? 

"In Argentina, beef is revered, respected, and praised. Come see how we continue
this tradition." 

A taste of Argentina. Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan
writing. Why certain slogans work and why some don't. You will find these
helpful in writing a new slogan. A Look at Slogans -
http://www.small-business-software.net/look-at-slogans.htm Unique Selling
Proposition -
http://www.small-business-software.net/unique-selling-proposition.htm Goodluck!

No Mad Cow --- Guaranteed! 

Which Compact System Camera Should I Get...? 

I'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures;
and good quality pictures /videos I'm planning on buying a compact system camera
at best buy ; so please list the one(s) I should purchase. Also how much do
compact system cameras drop on boxing day? **and i can upload my pictures and
videos on the computer (facebook) 

have a look at sony wx10 

I need creative art ideas? 

What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word MAD on a white paper
in a weird or artsy way? The actual word "MAD" has to be on the cover and
incorporated into the image. 

MAD means crazy, or angry, so you do a lot with it, i would put a gorrilla
screaming , just the face, and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors,
make it look artistic. use photoshop. 

tttthhhhh Madonna! 

what is the fall of hanoi? 

can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place? I cant find any
information about it 

When the French returned to Indochina at the end of WW II the Viet Minh were in
control of the Red River Delta. They chased the Communists out of the capital
(Hanoi) and retook control. Is that what you are referring to? You need to check
out the French Indochina War (1946-1954) not the Vietnam War (1957-1975). 

Does a pacman absolutely need a uv lamp? 

Or maybe something humid or heat? 

I assume you are talking about a pacman frog. No, technically they do not need a
UVB light; they are nocturnal. However, it certainly wouldn't hurt if you wanted
to provide one. A pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking
temp in the upper 80's F for at least 10 - 12 hours a day. don't forget to use a
calcium supplement twice a week; captive reptiles are prone to calcium
deficiency. 

surprise romantic cheap date night san francisco? 

looking for a surprise spot to take my bf. a bar would be nice but also
something extremely unique. i would like to have one of those super random
surprisingly nice nights out...suggestions? o and the cheaper the better (we are
trying to save money now, sooo..thatd b helpful) thanks 

Why not put together a bottle of champagne, a picnic and have a date on Treasure
Island. Cheap, great view, time together. 

There are plenty of cheap restaurants. Try SanFranGuide.com 

my lhasa apso hind legs are not working? 

for the past few days she has been shivering and wont eat but she could walk now
her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?

just pray for her ad=nd try to hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the
hind legs and take her to the vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you
friends and family adn since shes not eating feed her by hand 

Take her to the vet. 

obviously take her to the vet 

How much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to Andiamos
restaurant for dinner? 

Hi, i'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this
girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday. I really want to go to
andiamos for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the
four of us to eat there 

Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is. Best count on $50
per person no matter what. Or more if you have drinks. 

I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good
catering service.? 

I need suggestions on restaurants in San Francisco with good food and good
catering service. I have two upcoming events one is for 200 and another is for
21. American Food, Soul Food, Mexican, Italian, and Chinese are the options.
Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco
http://sanfranguide.com/restaurants/ 

well since i dont know your budget, i recommend Hakka Restaurant for chinese
food its cheap and its good! prime ribs have very good food but its super
expensive try yelp.com 

how many ounces in a pint in ireland? 

Depends of what. Ounces measure weight, pints measure volume. If you mean fluid
ounces, 20, as opposed to the 16 in America. An Irish pint is larger than a US
one. 

20 fluid ounces in a Pint in Ireland as R-G said, there are only 16 in an
American one. Know this well because I remember an 'irish' pub in the town in
canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town,
but they served them in american sized pints. That place didn't stay open too
long :D 

need help finding irish music? 

i love The Script and know there from iraland. i would like more bands like them
pleasseee 

The thing about The Script is they do not sound that Irish, I was surprised to
hear they were from Dublin. Well if you are interested, I suggest you have a
look at General Fiasco, Two Door Cinema Club and Wallis Bird. I think you will
be pleased. 

I doubt you will get a sensible answer in the "TRAVEL" section. 

*Ireland And there's nothing distinctly Irish about them. You'd find similar
bands to them that are from the UK and US. 

Women's rain coat...where can I find one? 

I'm going on a trip to Europe soon, and I need to find a good, quality raincoat.
I've looked and looked, but cannot find one anywhere! I would prefer a simple,
fitted black one. It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I
bought had me soaked in anything more than light/moderate rain. I'll pay up to
200-250 for it if I have to. 

Look on the debenhams website in the craghoppers section they do some good
waterproof raincoats heres the link:
http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogId=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_GB/product_online0Y/categories%3C0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000E+000craghoppers0/categories%3C0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=Categories&sfv=Coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeId=10001

I have a Kodak Camera (10.2 Megapixels)... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS... how do I
pause it while recording? 

I have a Kodak Camera (10.2 Megapixels)... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS... how do I
pause it while recording? 

You don't... there's no such thing as "pause" in digital recording. That's
because of the buffer that holds the data until it's ready to be recorded to the
memory card. When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from
the buffer to the memory card - no pause. All you can do is take each section
(individual video) and edit them together on software. 

I have a Nacho Libre question.? 

When nacho is driving to cure the influenza guy does he say to the man with the
cow i like your blouse or I like your cow because my friend thinks he says I
like your blouse, but that wouldn't make sense. I know its in the wrong
catagory, but still, I wrote this question for a reason, not for you to
critisize me. 

Okay, FIRST, you have posted a question about an American movie, set in Mexico,
in the Dining Out in Argentina category. Do you get what's wrong with this
picture? No...that's all. No second. 

Nacho Libre is suppose to be inspired in Mexicans, not in Argentineans. 

is there any good places to get an ice-cream sundae from in Invercargill New
Zealand? 

so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good
places to buy an ice-cream sundae from other than mc donalds lol Fast food
chains, supermarkets, dairies 

you live in NZ and you eat McDonalds ice cream? you're mad! Any of the tip-top
places have great ice-cream, get them to mix it up. 

any Ice Cream In NZ no matter where as New Zealand has the best bl**dy ice cream
in the world I was in NZ for a few weeks had some Ice Cream and really enjoyed
it I will go back just to eat some Ice Cream 

best burger chain in the Chicago area? 

which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger
king portillos white castle which one do like the best? Red Robin. Onion Rings
are great and the fries are endless. Fudruckers. 

idk ur choice 

Chain? Does 5 make a chain? Hackney's has a great burger formula that started
about 80 years ago. There are currently 5 locations: http://www.hackneys.net/
The latest spot for a real Hackney's is Printers' Row:
http://www.hackneysprintersrow.net/ See what DD&D showed at the original place
on Harms Rd in Glenview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2lDF0XU3NI Along with
the great burger try a brick of onion rings if you are with someone. Otherwise a
1/2 brick will be fine: http://www.flickr.com/photos/jellybeanjill13/532522805/

My dog has threw up yellow bile for two days but does not have dhirea. What
should I do? 

I've tried bland white rice but he wont eat anything. What could it be? Should I
be concerned? 

Call a vet would be a good idea with a sick dog 

VERY CONCERNED!!! plz bring your dog to the vet ASAP!!! esp if not eating - if
it had only happened once and could get him to eat right away - it could have
been you missed his meal time and he needed to eat - since it sounds like it has
happened several times over two days - then he may have gotten int to something
that needs to be attended to RIGHT AWAY!!! or has acquired some type of disease
and that too needs to be attended to... 

why are there two statues of David? 

i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of
David, a bronze one and marble one. Michelangelo made the marble one but why did
he do another if Donatello had already made one? so im a little confused , why
is there two statues of David? 

different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep Herder,
the Michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king 

Because he liked making statues of David! :D 

Obviously, he should have been arrested and jailed - imagine making a statue or
painting on the same subject as another artist - clearly insulting and
disrespecting - wasted time that could have been used making a statue with
clothes on. 

Name of specific Hibachi restaurant in Chicago? 

I have a friend out in Chicago this week, and I am trying to remember the name
of an awesome hibachi style restaurant i visited while out there a couple years
ago. I think it was in the Lincoln Square area but don't quote me on that. It's
'gimmick' was that you fill your bowl cafeteria-style from raw ingredients and
leave it on the counter with a chopstick listing your table number on it. Four
guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food, and when it's finished a
server brings it to your table. All-you can-eat style deal. It was pretty epic
as I remember and would love to send my friend there. Any help? 

That is Flat Top Grill 

What's the best time to start a trip around the world? 

Well,I'm about to graduate in less then a year,and I'm planning to study medical
school.But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years,and I want to go
aground the world,what do you think,should I do it before or after medical
school? 

If you can afford to go before, then by all means, GO. If you have to wait, due
to financial reasons, then wait. I would much rather put it off until I can
afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I'm sure this trip is intended to
be. Airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money
and of course free time to take your time and have a great time. 

canon t2i stops working? 

My canon t2i stops working at times as in the power bottom is switched to "on"
but the camera does not respond to any function. the camera only begins to work
again when i take out the battery and put it back in. did anyone have this
issue? is it worthy to send in for warranty repair? thanks! 

Sounds simple enough to me . Your camera isn't acting normally, you got
warranty, let Canon deal with it. 

I would agree. I shoot a t1i and haven't had such an issue. I also agree it's
under warranty so get in touch with Canon. It sounds like a firmware issue and
the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a
re-start from time to time but it shouldn't be happening in a camera. Call Canon

Cheapest airline ticket from Raleigh to Philippines? 

I'm going on a vacation to the Philippines in May 2012, and I'm starting from
Raleigh, NC (RDU Airport). Which airlines should I look into and when should I
buy my ticket? 

The sooner the better but I'd probably wait until after the holidays. Use
Travelocity or Expedia and see what you come up with. My friend goes to the
Phils every 6 months or so and she has found that Korean Air has had the
cheapest fares lately. Raleigh to Chicago, Chicago to Seoul and then Seoul to
Manila. Compare compare compare - that's the key to getting the best deal. 

Ask a travel agent! 

On my last 6 trips here from the states I used "Fly genesis" based in Seattle,
Wa. They gave the best service & rates I could find. 

What is the best place to get discounts for San Francisco restaurants? 

I just moved into the city, and I'm wondering if there's a place I can get good
deals on restaurants here. I don't want to have to deal with those deal-a-day
websites like Groupon. I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever
Restaurant I want, whenever I want. Any suggestions would be really helpful,
thanks! 

I usually use ZebraKlub. They basically buy daily deals from Groupon, Living
Social, and all sorts of other places. So you can pretty much get whatever deal
you want anytime. Most of the deals let you eat for 500ff, and some of the deals
are even free. If you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily
deal emails every day, ZebraKlub should be perfect for you. 

Where can I go on a first date (adults)? 

Looking for something on the casual side and we want it to be fun. 

May seem a little silly, but, taking a long ride on the Metra system or the "L"
system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune. Or
how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens and see the change of colors
and enjoy the air, They also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy, food is
pretty good to. 

go 2 starbucks dont spend more than 20 bucks :) 

Bike ride in the park, followed by coffee. You are busy, you don't have to sit
face to face to try to make convo, it's short, so if things go great, you can
extend, and if you want to end it, you just say bye, gotta go. 

I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium, what can I fill it with? 

I was thinking cichlids? Possibly a freshwater tank with a ton of different
species in there. I've never kept cichlids though. I know saltwater is a
possibility, can you give me a possible stocking option for that too? I'll
choose the one that sounds the best after looking into all the fish :) 

Here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend
because of the clownloach A 200 gallon with 6 pairs of Breeding Angel fish fire
mouth honey Gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a Krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16
cory cats 5 Australian Rainbows If you took out the clown loach it would make a
nice 150 gallon tank. 

fill it with water :) lol 

for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish!!

never response the phone call 

Great deals, great pizza! 

Great gym and great services. 

Dr. White is the best! 

Good clean store nice car wash 

It's well cool. :) 

Awesome service with a smile :) 

WHAT A GREAT DEAL THANK YOU 

The pancakes are to die for. 

Best fried shrimp in the state! 

Fast and great service on pool covers 

Friendliest place I have ever stayed! 

The best pilates on the Gold Coast! 

It taste better than In and Out.... 

Good local steakhouse, I recommend it! 

Dessert was good. Rest was too oily. 

it was a little to high dollar for me 

Very Informative website with alot of good work 

wow wow wow. the bast cab in minneapolis 

Great food and nice people very pleasant experience. 

Tire Gooroo 

David Bundren is the Tire GooRoo. 

good 

it is a cute little nice and quiet library 

they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted. many thanks 

local crew!!! home team - thanks 4 playin!!! 

Great Service, Thanks Don. Nice Top Lights. 

Best ceviche that I'd had so far! :) 

A very nice park. The architecture is simplz splendid. 

the service is quick. and the people are sweet :) 

Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too. Horrible! 

very reasonable prices. quick in & out. Friendly service. 

This is my favorite coffee store. Just ask American Express 

Too many kids, too many knifings, too many taserings. 

Thank you for fixing the leak on my bathroom! Thanks! 

this is the worst Sams club I've ever been to 

Got to love this place. Everyone is relaxed and having fun!!! 

Friendly service. Attentive to the needs of customer. Thanks again! 

This place is awesome 

Great work, good price. Definetely going back 

Great product, great service!!! 

Installed Biometrics and Got Excellent Service. 

Feels like you are in Brooklyn, but people watching is entertaining. 

green curry and red curry is awesome! remember to ask for extra vege 

Usually very quick and timely. Doctor Bogomilsky knows her stuff too. 

The best Supermarket in Bay Ridge have everything what a customer needs. 

Wonderful Wonderful People! 

I refer to VNHH often and love you guys. 

Did a great job of removing my tree in Conyers. Thanks Southland. 

Nice little locally owned greek bar and grill. Good food. Great wings! 

Don't bother. It's impossible to understand how this place has survived. 

The finest German bedding and linens store. Quality and service come first here.

Place is legit. We got upgraded to a corner suite! Room was amazing. 

hard to forgive such an awful margarita and steep prices but the food can be
good 

Linda 

I would highly recommend Landscape by Hiro. Excellent customer service and
quality work. 

I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street! 

Drove all the way over from the highway... closed at 7. Who does that?! 

You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on. 

Great job on my roof and the pricing was fair. Will use again in the future. 

Kyle with Bullwark 

Great job! Listened to my problem and took care of it. Thanks! 

AWESOME food! Make sure to put OILY sauces on your food to make it moist! YUM 

This is a Ralph's 

I just called this number and it is a Ralph's Market. 

Hospitality.! 

Very good hospitality offered.! Keep it up. - Shree Ghatkopar Bhatia Mitra
Mandal 

Close to my house, this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT. 

Mens and Boys Barbers, on the number 9 Bus route. Ladies room, Open Sundays 

This is a great place to get a permit 

I had to get a permit here, it was cool 

best Best pedi mani Ive ever had. Darla is amazing, I would recoment her to
anyone. 

You guys do everything wonderful! We honestly cannot think of even 1 thing we
didn't like! 

kudos to Allentown Post Office staff 

The staff in Allentown are friendly, helpful and a delight to know.. 

amazing, fun, great beers. service could be a little better but its an all round
good place 

Amazing service! 

I just had the best experience at this Kal Tire location. Courteous, fast and
friendly. 

Quality has fallen over the years, but still the best go-to burger place on the
East Bay. 

STAY AWAY 

Horrible service. Absolutely rude. Did services I asked them NOTto do and was
still charged. 

Highly recommended 

My 8 year old daughter loves this place. The best climbing club around. Hooray
for Craggy. 

The food is excellent, but very overpriced. How do you run a cafe, with no
refills on coffee-? 

telephone number 

the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or
landline 01634 710033. thank you 

the team at barton car wash was very friendly . and did great job . i was very
pleased with the service. 

I appreciate the quick, good service and the reasonable prices and will
definitely use American Pride Irrigation & Landscaping again. 

I like I Move CA - Los Angeles Movers, they moved me before, but this time they
were awesome :) 

Poor Taste 

There is no lower rating for Noonan's Liquor, owners and employees. A negative
number is not available. CLH 

Very friendly people offering a brilliant service. Sent scented flowers home
instead of postcards. Recommend you call in for a look. 

Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the
rudest person I have ever met. DONt Go here 

Restaurant on top was renovated, food was decent, price was way to high for
Duluth for quality, new decor seems tacky 

Rude and Untrustworthy 

These guys took Customer Service 101 from a Neanderthal. They are especially
rude to women. Do not trust them! 

Good food, good location, and good prices. But the servers don't pay attention
to you whether it's busy or not. 

One of the better vegetarian sandwiches I've had in Seattle. And from a place
that specializes in high quality meat, too. 

Old time grocery, best steaks I have ever had! Great meats that are already
cooked, easy to take home for dinner. 

Inford Media 

Media, Software, Fun and Games, Website design, Web Promotion, B2B, Business
Promotion, Search Engine Optimization. 

Relish 

A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards. The best darlington has to
offer in contemporary sandwicheering. Drum and bass as standard. 

Will never use again. Very rude and unprofessional. The workers sped up and down
the street with no mind to the small children playing. 

ipad reiew 

they are the best orthodontics in the world. i went there since i was four. now
i will have really straight teeth. 

Pam the Pom 

Fantastic couple of days. Breathtaking views and fabulous accommodation. Nothing
too much trouble for Ian, thanks for a great stay. 

Daniel and his assistant both did a great job. Very professional and great
results. Many thanks from myself and all of our wedding guests! 

what a mindblowing servicing 

They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will
extend the same politeness to there customers. 

absolutely fantastic experience getting my iphone upgraded at Zion ... Sheer
contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank 

Decent place to stay, I would stay there again. Rooms were clean, plenty of
things to do near hotel, and safe part of town. 

Best Electrician in Florence 

I have been using Steele Electric for years. They have always done a great job
at a reasonable price. Highly recommended. 

Not impressed. Overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time
when there was very few clients in the facility. I won't return. 

A thoroughly comprehensive service; excellent communication and best of they are
transparent with their fee (ie nothing is simply implied or assumed). 

I gave Dr. Rohatgi 2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant. However, I
did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude. 

Extremely greasy. Hit or miss on the service. My fries weren't fully cooked last
time I went there. Pretty spendy for really not great quality 

The management and staff are superb. I worked with Sam Mones who took great care
of me. This is by far the best run dealership in Miami. 

The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE
orginizied, so you are in, out, and paid well for your scrap 

Winning Attorney! 

The only 10.0 "Perfect Score" AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever Met. I Highly
Recommend, The Law Offices Of Dale Gribow!! 

Sanctuary is amazing! 

Sanctuary serves delicious, somewhat healthy food in a great restaurant/fast
food style. The employees are really friendly. And they deliver! 

What a Preschool! 

If you want the best for your child, don't hesitate in visiting this wornderful
school. This is the very best in the Gables. 

What a Dump! 

The food is terrible. The place smells and the owner is very very rude! I could
go on and on! Just don't go there. 

house closing 

Mrs. Tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of
knowledge and professionalism! Her flexibility and accessibility made for an
easy closing. 

Food is often expired so check the dates every time! Also more often than not
you end up with a healthy dose of nasty rude attitude from the employees! 

No complaints 

I have no complaints about the service I received.This man was polite,
professional, clean and quick. I never felt worried and walked away satisfied. 

THE TEACHING THERE SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL OF THE
TEACHERS THERE ARE SO MEAN THEY GET MAD AT YOU FOR NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS IS THE WORST SCHOOL IVE BEEN TO!!!!!! 

Staten Island Computers 

Superior work - always comes through when we need him. We have tried many
different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers!!!

not impressive enough 

It's a fine place, I'm just a little mystified about the Michelin star. Nothing
wrong with it, just better options at this price point. 

exelent Job "Thank you so much for the superior job well done. We love
everything about the fence. You company and services will be recommended by us
to everyone." 

An Hour Of Prego Bliss! 

I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on
my tummy. And the massages are heavenly! Very friendly place. 

Love Hop City 

This place is great! Craig and Nate are wonderful. I know now where to get all
of my wine and beer. No need to go to a grocer again. 

Excellent energy efficiency 

Compact's Corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous
dryers, allowing a production increase of over 10% and a significant energy
saving. 

We would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in Morningside
Road today. A fast service, saved a bad situation getting alot worse. many
thanks 2scompany... 

The best Thai food I've ever had in Australia, very fresh and so much favor of
authentic Thai . The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in
Geelong... just love it 

Fresh and unic! 

Very professional, talented, unic and fresh work. Paula has an amazing gift for
creativity, vision and the ability to combine art to / with commercial purpose.
Bravo! 

OK Food, Slow service 

The food was incredibly bland. Their Thali was not brought out as described (no
saag). Expensive for the level of food and the quality of service. 

Fantastic professional service - These guys really know their stuff .. they have
almost anything you could want in terms of spy and surviellance equipment. Truly
james bond style stuff ... would recommend 

So delightful. What a group! I wouldn't want any other company in my time of
need. Great people! So professional! These guys know what they're doing! Way to
go! 

Terrible customer service 

Fried rice has NO flavor, it literally taste like water. When I tried to return
it they refused, so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry. 

wow, the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account
set up. i wish the other utilities i had to set up had people to work with like
this.. 

Bad Service 

Definately won't be returning. Travelled 40mins after calling to see if a
product was in stock. Told that they had plenty. Get there and there was
nothing. Not impressed!!! 

Would not recommend I Was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks. his clinic
is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every
step he take . 

Best Limo Limousine service in all of Dallas 

Great Limos company int he DFW fort Worth Metro area. I use their limo services
for all of my airport car services and airport transportation needs 

Very knowledgeable and friendly design build firm. They specialize in financial
institutions, medical, and retail projects. These guys know what they're doing
and helped me in all phases of our project. 

The waiting staff is really friendly, its like every one knows each other, the
manager is really sweet and the food..well no complaints from me. Yes, its that
good. 

They have fresh flowers, lasted a long while in the vase, and the two ladies at
the shop know the business well. I had no problem with my delivery. I will go
there again. 

Out of business? 

I think this location is no longer in business. If you check RecWarehouse.com,
they don't list this as a location. You'll have to drive 10 miles down 75 to
Allen. 

Awesome Landscaping Job 

MFJ Inc transformed our run down back yard into a place of beauty. The work was
completed within one week, and everything was cleaned up on completion. Highly
recommended landscaper!!! 

spot on 

this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the
chilly sauce is the best, keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to
all the staff 

Feel good 

I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current
therapist I regularly see. Now I've found someone who can manage to do what I
really want. 

Worst Tasting Pizza 

This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the
worst food I've ever eaten. I don't recommend this place to anyone or even
anything to eat. 

Not so good 

Not worth the money. Bland and over cooked. I felt as if I was in an over priced
Olive Garden. I was hoping to have found a regular place to eat. But not so. 

I have used Bright Futures for the last 7 years. I have 3 children there and
they are the Best. They are like family. Your children will be taken care of and
loved by a professional staff. 

Great Service Great People 

Bisconti wanted over $300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for $90! Call
them today! Had it fixed within a few days (had to order a part). 

Great Manicure 

This place offers a great manicure and pedicure. My nails looked great for the
better part of 2 weeks! Also very friendly and the stylists are not in the "been
there/done that" mood! 

Fast Service Called them one hour ago and they just left my house five minutes
ago. My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I'm
enjoying my time indoors much better. 

no feathers in stock!!!! I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker, they
had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE. I had to dig in a bag to find one
nice feather, what a joke! 

Gets the Job Done 

We have utilized Mr. Pozza and his firm twice now in our family and both times
have been very pleased. I would not hesitate to use him again or refer him to my
family or friends. 

Farrell Electric is a very good electrical contractor. I'm pleased that someone
referred me to them for my commercial business. I own a property management firm
and need a contractor with the credentials that Farrell Electric has. 

Cleanest guesthouse i have been to 

Stayed here for 2 nights. The owner was very friendly and helpful. The rooms
were very clean and the breakfast was excellent. Good location and off road
parking made our stay very convenient. 

These guys do great work at VERY reasonable prices. I have use them four times
for fixing items from pushing out a dent in a bumper to fixing the fender on my
beloved Miata. I have never been disappointed. 

Don't waste your money on the jukebox 

The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he
can delete songs he doesn't like, and you end up paying for it. Not enough
seating. 

spoken english rushi 

can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto
the successful job without any hurdles. The staff, material provided, infra
structure, environment &low fees totally above the satisfactory mark 

Rubbish 

Took 1+ hour to deliver to Chatham, hair in food, driver didn't know area.
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New
Providence. Stick to Hop Hing, 20 year+ resident. 

Great place 

Really great service and kind staff. The haircut was inexpensive and so were the
salon services (eyebrows were cheap!). It's a nice, relaxed place to get stuff
done and relax. I plan on going again. 

Amazing customer service 

I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from
referrals. :) They were amazingly hospitable. Edit was the best massage
therapist I've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend her! 

good outside, bad inside 

the apartment only looks good outsize, inside is too bad. too many bugs some you
even never seen before. the attitude of some staff is terrible, did not solve
anything only say i can do nothing. 

great tmobile service 

I was with verizon and I checked my service with tmobile and it was great so I
thought I would try tmobile. It turned out being very good quality tmobile
service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone. 

Walgreens on University 

My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy
staff are always very short with me and don't seem to like answering questions.
Clean store, friendly check-out staff up front. Good selection. 

Great Place! 

Love this place!! Has another store in the st. charles mall. Place is next to
carval and walmart. Dont go to the one by pepco, I got confused!!! Bad place. Go
to ATLANTIC WIRELESS!! I love them!!! 

BEST DENTIST EVER - 

Very fast and efficient service. I have had several dentists in my life, but Dr.
Deters is by far my favorite. I never wait in the waiting room more than two
minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless. 

This is a great place to shop. I've been a regular customer at this store since
it opened, and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals.
Particularly the lady who operates the front register, she's very kind! 

AMAZING 

Absoul is the greatest donair man on the planet. Highly recommended. If you
enjoy amazing things, you must go to World's Finest Donair. Lest you be lame!!!
I give this place 11/10. 3 thumbs up. Bon appetit! 

Great quality doors and great quality people! The door is easy to use and it
keeps the cold out during the winter. The sales staff and the installation staff
were all easy to get along with. I highly recommend Garage Pros to my friends. 

umm... 

okay, I dont have a review, but why in the hell would you name your business
something that has the initials KKK....is there something behind the scenes at
this place? Like I'm legitimately concerned at this point...lol 

Fresh and Excellent Quality 

We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed. The food
is always fresh and delicious. It can be a little on the spicy side but just ask
them exactly what you want and they are very helpful. 

I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner.
Unfortunately, I've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to
stop going. The employees don't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it
shows. 

Class act. It was late in the day and I was worried I would get charged an arm
and a leg and have to wait forever. They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed
to Bath for a great price. Would do business with them again. 

Great service 

We at R&L Plumbing Services are pleased with your professionalism and the extra
mile you went to get out computers working correctly, you will be our first call
if anything happens again and we will refer you to other people with computer
issues. 

Don't judge a book by its cover 

From the outside Ichiban looks like it will be terrible. This couldn't be
farther from the truth. The food is amazing, and the prices cannot be beat. The
sushi is great, and they have a great selection. 

Great work! 

The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work with. They
walked me through all the steps involved in the the installation project so that
there were no surprises. I found them extremely professional and would highly
recommend them. Thanks 

Natasha 

A real pleasure training with Natasha. Always professional and reliable,
sessions are good fun and suitably challenging. She really listens to what it is
you would like to achieve, and I am very happy with my results. I would highly
recommend her services. 

slow service 

I used to take my cars there all thetime, but management changes hands too
frequently, the service has been slow, and they often try to "add on" extra
services, which sometimes is not needed. I dont go there anymore 

Great service 

These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my
windscreen and insurance. It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I'm really
grateful - they were fab. The best customer service I've come across for long
time. 

Absolutely amazing job! 

Susanna is the best dress maker/tailor I've ever come across in my whole life!
She makes every item fit you perfectly. She is always so busy, too, which is a
good indication of her talent. She's the best! 

teeth 

this dentist want to pull the tooth out always.. always wants to do the cheapest
for his benefit.. not unless he knows you. and hopefully you do not know the
same people because he tells others about you payment status. Which should be a
private issue 

I hired this company to unlock my car. The price they gave was good so I said
hey this seems great. After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my
car unlocked, it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done. 

Bulwark regarding service by Eric 

Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our
house for scorpions. He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make
sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time. Thank you! 

A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE! I remain unhappy. I still have noticeable scarring. I
still have surgically induced hair loss. My results were just AWFUL. My post-op
treatment was TERRIBLE. I wouldn't recommend this place last year, and I
certainly wouldn't recommend them this year. 

Hidden Treasure. Strip mall asian it is not! Go in and you will not think you
are in Chesapeake. The setting feels like a Sushi bar in NYC; small, cozy, but
with flair. Get great service, fantastic menu, and relax. Best in HR so far! 

Excellent medical care!!!!!! Highly recommend 

I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service. Finally
a convenient place close to home. Wonderful staff and physician. Clean and
superb. Thanks for the great care!!!! Will definitely go back when I need
medical care. 

excellence in glasgow 

Iv just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers. The
team who work there are helpfull, friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will
help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice. Highly
recomended. 

My favorite place... 

My daughter and I stayed here again from the 7th to the 14th of December.yet
again it was a great stay from begiinning to end.Okay our room was at times
noisy but we were in a mega busy city at an extremely busy time of year. 

A Definite No 

Incompetent servers, kitchen and management. Expect either undercooked or mushy
food and lackluster service. The investors put big bucks into the building but
are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience. Even the least
discriminating diner would know not to eat at Sprecher's. 

Wonderful Atmosphere 

I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and
relaxing atmosphere. Dr. Stiefvater has always been very professional and
helpful. I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a
regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition. 

Channel Guide 

Believe it or not, but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family
members that visit and don't know where to start when it comes to watching
satellite tv. I just give them guide and they can find anything they need.
Thanks again, Directv. 

Michael helped shoot the majority of my firm's website and we could not have
been happier. We went through six photographers to find the right photographers
that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team
made that happen. He's worth every penny. 

Average food and deathly slow service 

I have eaten here several times and everytime the service is slower than slow.
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being
greeted with a drink order. Ridiculous. There must be a better mexican place in
Rockland. 

I am in love with the giant plate of nachos! Last time I went however, my beer
was warm and the service was so-so. I get that careless teenager kind of
treatment from some of their staff...perhaps they should hire more serious
adults to help serve/cook. 

nice friendly local bagel place 

there might be bigger and more well known bagel places in the area but Family
Bagels are nice people, small shop and incredibly friendly. While other may be
ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we
get at Family Bagels 

Very Mediocre donuts! 

The Donuts were very over proofed, making them stale and bready. The service was
friendly and fast, but this just doesnt make up for the lack-luster product. We
tried 4 different style of donuts, they were all the same when it came to
quality. 

a staple! 

I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty,
quick and inexpensive meal. Branch out and try something other than the Pad
Thai, the curries are fantastic. Fast and friendly service, they know my order
when I walk in the door! 

On time, Clean and very nice 

I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink. Scheduled appointment for
8:30 Monday morning. Rich was here before the scheduled time. He was very clean,
very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price. HIGHLY recommend.
thanks Rich Seth K. 

Deep tissue massage helps with pain in neck and shoulders 

Seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my
neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area. He
listens and is excellent in diagnosing, addressing and explaining the specific
issues and suggesting exercises to use. 
