Show All About ANSI SQL query mode Some of the content in this topic may not be
applicable to some languages. You can create SQL queries in one of two ANSI SQL
query modes: ANSI-89 describes the traditional Jet SQL syntax. This mode
conforms closely to the ANSI-89 Level 1 specification, but is not ANSI-89 Level
1 compliant. Certain ANSI-89 SQL features are not implemented and the wildcard
characters conform to the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) specification, not
SQL. ANSI-92 provides new reserved words, syntax rules, and wildcard characters
that enhance your ability to create queries, filters, and SQL statements. This
mode conforms closely to the ANSI-92 Level 1 specification, but is not ANSI-92
Level 1 compliant. This query mode has more of the ANSI syntax, and the wildcard
characters conform to the SQL specification. In Microsoft Access 2000 using
ADOX, you could programmatically create queries that used ANSI-92 SQL syntax.
However, any queries you created were not visible in the Database window because
there was no option to set this mode in the user interface. Now in Access 2002,
you can set the ANSI SQL query mode through the user interface for the current
database and as the default setting for new databases. Why use ANSI-92 SQL? You
may want to use ANSI-92 SQL for the following reasons: You anticipate upsizing
your application in the future to an Access project and want to create queries
that will run with minimal changes in a Microsoft SQL Server database. You want
to take advantage of the new features not found in ANSI-89 SQL, such as:
Changing security settings by using the GRANT and REVOKE SQL statements Using
DISTINCT in an aggregate function reference, for example, SUM-DISTINCT-Price
Using the LIMIT TO nn ROWS clause to limit the number of rows returned by a
query Why you should avoid mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query
modes The ANSI SQL query mode default for new Access databases in 2002 and 2000
file formats ANSI-89 is the default setting for a new Access database in 2002
and 2000 file format. You can not set the SQL query mode new database default to
ANSI-92 in 2000 file format because the option is disabled; ANSI-89 is the only
query mode setting available for a database in Access 2000 file format. About
using connection files A connection file stores information about a connection
to a data source (such as an OLE DB data source) and the data associated with
the connection. In Microsoft Access, you can use a connection file to bind one
or more data access pages to a data source. When you open a page, Access reads
the connection file that is linked to the page, and based on the contents of the
connection file, connects the page to the appropriate data source. A connection
file uses one of the following file formats: Office Data Connection (.odc) A
file format that uses HTML and XML to store the connection information. You can
view or edit the contents of the file in any text editor. Universal Data Link
(.udl) A standard file format provided by Microsoft Data Links to create
file-persistent OLE DB data source object definitions. Benefits of using a
connection file Using a connection file simplifies the task of deploying related
data access pages. Pages that connect to a common data source can share a single
connection file. If you move or copy the data source, instead of updating the
ConnectionString property of each dependent page, you only need to edit the
connection information in the connection file to make the pages point to the
right location or database. Linking a page to a connection file When creating a
data access page, you can choose whether you want to link the page to a
connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link. You can
also choose whether you want to use an existing connection file or create a new
one. Linking to a connection file When you establish a link between the
connection file and a page, the page's ConnectionFile property is set to the
name of the file. Each time you open the page, Access will read the connection
file, extract the connection information, and set the ConnectionString property
of the page. Using a connection file without creating a link When creating a
page, you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString
property of the page, but choose not to create a link between the page and the
connection file. Changing the connection information of a page When a connection
file is used Either change the ConnectionFile property of the page to point to a
different connection file, or edit the connection file in a text editor. If you
choose to edit the connection file, remember that all other pages that use the
connection file will also be affected by the changes you make. If you edit the
ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file, the
link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null. When a
connection file is not used Either create a link between the page and a
connection file by setting the ConnectionFile property, or edit the
ConnectionString property. When you create a link, Access will automatically set
the ConnectionString property based on the contents of the connection file.
Convert a previous-version data access page A page created using Microsoft
Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002. Open the
page in Access 2002 Design view. Access will create a backup copy of the page
(pagefilename.bak.htm) at the same location as the original data access page
file. If you want to revert to the Access 2000 version of the page, delete the
converted file, rename the backup copy, and then connect the page to the
database. If the data access page includes any Microsoft Office Web Components
(a PivotTable list, chart, or spreadsheet), only users with a valid Microsoft
Office 2002 license will be able to use those components. About analyzing data
Microsoft Access provides several techniques to help you analyze data. Create a
crosstab query You can use a crosstab query to calculate and restructure data
for easier analysis. Crosstab queries calculate a sum, average, count, or other
type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information â€“ one down
the left side of the datasheet and another across the top. Comparison of a
crosstab and a select query 1 A select query 2 A crosstab query based on the
select query Add a PivotTable list to a data access page A PivotTable list is an
interactive table that you can use to analyze data dynamically from within a Web
browser. At run time, users can change the layout of the PivotTable list. They
can move the fields that are displayed in the row, column, and data area of the
PivotTable list, or add or remove fields from the list. Users can also filter,
sort, and group data. The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the
Orders data access page. PivotTable list on a data access page View a datasheet
or form in PivotTable view Access 2002 provides a PivotTable view for datasheets
and forms. In this view, you can build an interactive report using the fields
underlying the datasheet or form. The view uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable
Component, so you can do all the things that you can do on a PivotTable list.
You can add fields to the view, move or remove fields, and filter, sort, and
group data. The following illustration shows the Employees table in PivotTable
view. Datasheet in PivotTable view About customizing the layout of a PivotTable
or PivotChart view Customizing the layout of a PivotTable view You can control
how the data is presented in a PivotTable view by customizing the layout. A
different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different
elements in your data, or display summaries for a subset of the data. Using the
drop areas You change the layout by moving the fields to predefined drop areas
within the PivotTable view workspace. Drop areas in PivotTable view 1 Drop areas
2 Detail area After you move fields to the drop areas so that the drop area
captions are covered up, you can still drag additional fields to the areas.
Moving fields to the row or column areas When you move a field to the row area,
the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the
PivotTable view. When you move a field to the column area, the unique items of
data are displayed across the columns. Moving fields to the detail area To view
total or detail data from the underlying record source, move fields to the
detail area. Moving fields to the filter area Filter fields allow you to confine
the view to a particular part of the available data. For example, when you move
a Product field to the filter area, you can display data for one product at a
time. Moving row or column fields to a higher or lower level When a view has
multiple row and column fields, the fields that are closest to the detail data
are referred to as inner fields. The other fields are outer fields. You can
switch the inner and outer fields. Example of inner and outer row fields 2 Outer
row field 2 Inner row field 3 Outer field items 4 Items for the inner field are
repeated for each item in the outer field. Adding and removing fields The layout
of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are
available from the underlying record source. You can also remove fields that you
no longer want to see from the PivotTable view layout. Customizing the layout of
a PivotChart view You change the layout of a chart by moving the fields to
predefined drop areas within the chart workspace. To do this, drop areas must be
shown in the chart. Drop areas are displayed differently depending on the chart
type. For example, a series drop area is not displayed for a pie chart because
pie charts consist of only one series. Additionally, it is written in a style
similar to an XML document using a combination of XML-like tags and HTML to
create a template for a specific style of output. Note that you are not required
to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for
Internet Explorer 5 (and later versions) to display the document. Internet
Explorer has a default, built-in style sheet that displays the XML source as a
(collapsible|expandable) tree. You can use style sheets to insure that the
XML-based Web pages on your intranet or Website are consistent and present a
uniform appearance without having to add HTML to each page. About Extensible
Stylesheet Language Transformation (XSLT) XSL for Transformation (XSLT) is a
specification that is currently under development by the World Wide Web
Consortium (W3C), and supported by Access. XSLT is an XML-based language that
allows one XML document to be mapped, or transformed, into another XML document.
This provides a way of transforming an XML document's presentation information
from a source format to a target format and back again. Typically, a developer
creates an XSL transformation file that, when applied to an XML document during
export, interprets or transforms the XML data into a presentation format that
can be recognized by another application, such as Service Advertising Protocol
(SAP) or a custom purchase order format. XSLT has many of the constructs
(structures and commands) found in other programming languages which allow the
developer to use variables, loops and iterations, and conditional statements.
This gives the developer considerable control over the output of the XML data.
About exporting to XML files Exporting data and database objects to an XML file
is a convenient way to move and store your information in a format that can
readily be used across the Web. In Access, you can export the data, the schema
(data structure), or both, to XML files. Export data to an XML file and,
optionally, use an XSLT to transform the data to another format. Export the data
schema using XML Schema standard (XSD). Export the data behind forms and reports
to an XML file. You can also transform the data to another presentation format
using an Extensible Style Language (XSL) file during the export process. You can
export tables, queries, and the data behind forms or reports from a Microsoft
Access database (.mdb) as well as tables, views, stored produces, functions, and
the data behind forms and reports from a Microsoft Access project (.adp).
Exporting tables, queries, views, datasheets, forms or reports You can export a
database object as an XML document in several ways: You can export just the data
from a table, query, datasheet, form, or report into an XML file. This data is
saved to a file named .xml. You can export just the schema (data structure) of a
table, query, datasheet, form, or report to an XML schema file. An XML schema
file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document, providing a
series of element names, as well as which elements are allowed in the document
and in what combinations. If you select to save the schema as XSD, the file is
saved as .xsd. Note When you export a table to an XML document, you can also
export related tables. For example, if you export a table of Customers Orders,
you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table
into the same file. If selected, you can also save the structure of a table,
query, datasheet, form, or report into a file that describes the presentation
and connection information. For forms and reports, this file is saved in an
XML-based language called ReportML which provides presentation data as well as a
data model for creating a data access page. For tables, queries-views, and
datasheets, the presentation file is a spreadsheet-like template. This file is
saved as _report.xml. In addition, when you choose to save the data as XML, you
can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an
existing .xsl file. If no .xsl file is specified, the data is saved in standard
XML format. Note that if no data is selected for export then a presentation
format is also unavailable. What is ReportML? ReportML is a "language" developed
by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access
database objects in XML. The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that
describe a form, report or data access page's properties, events, and
attributes. When you export data from Access to an XML file, you choose to save
the structure of a form or report into a ReportML format. The ReportML file can
be used to convert the saved data into a data access page. Well-formed documents
Any XML document produced by Access is well-formed, which means that it conforms
to the basic rules of XML. That is: Each XML document must have a unique root
element (an element encompassing the entire document). All start and end tags
match. XML tags are case-sensitive. For each start tag, there is a corresponding
end tag. Empty elements can be denoted by a special shorthand tag. Again, XML
tags are case-sensitive. Access ReportML will not write out any empty tags.
Elements do not overlap. In other words, start and end tag must be properly
nested within other elements. Certain reserve characters are part of the XML
syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of
an element. You need to substitute a special character sequence (called an
"entity" by XML) as follows: Character Entity The following is an example of a
well-formed XML document: where: is a declaration that states that this is an
XML document and gives the version number. The declaration is optional but is
recommended in any XML document. is the root element which encompasses the
entire document. is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an
element of data, in this case, the customer's name. Notice that each tag set has
both start and end tags and is case sensitive, and that the tag sets are
properly nested within each other. Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will
be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving
application. The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be
misinterpreted if used directly in the text. The converted data will be
displayed as Mom's Boston Crab Meat. White space can be used throughout the
document to enhance readability. If a schema is specified while exporting from
Access, then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents.
This means that in addition to being well-formed, the documents conform to a
defined schema. About exporting or copying a PivotTable view to Excel or other
applications If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel PivotTable reports and
want to work with the data in Excel, there are two ways to accomplish this.
Exporting data to an interactive Excel PivotTable report To view and modify the
contents of a PivotTable view by using Excel, you can export the PivotTable view
to Excel. Preparing for export to Excel Excel PivotTable reports can not display
detail fields. When you export to Excel, detail fields will be available on the
PivotTable toolbar in Excel, but the fields won't be displayed in the report. If
you want the Excel PivotTable report to reflect the appearance of the PivotTable
view, before you export to an Excel PivotTable report, either move all the
fields out of the detail area, or hide detail data for items and cells so that
the detail area is not displayed. After you export You might notice some
differences in your PivotTable view after you export it to Excel. This is
because PivotTable views use the Microsoft Office PivotTable Component, and
Excel PivotTable reports either do not support certain PivotTable list features,
or they implement some features differently. For information about differences
between PivotTable lists and Excel PivotTable reports, see Excel Help. Copying
data to another program for noninteractive use Copying to other programs You can
also copy data displayed in a PivotTable view to other programs, such as
Microsoft FrontPage. When you copy data to a program other than Excel or Word
that does not support the HTML format used by PivotTable views, the data is
copied as unformatted text. About filtering data in PivotTable view You can use
the filter feature to find specific data values or all data that matches a
value. Filtering techniques Filtering a field (Autofiltering) You can filter
fields in the row, column, and detail areas. When you filter a field, you select
one or more items of data in the field that you want to view, and hide the other
items. Filtered PivotTable list or view 1 First, the Sport field is filtered to
display only Golf sales. 2 and then the Quarter field is filtered to display
only Golf sales in Qtr3. 3 When you filter a field, the drop-down arrow Field
arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black, and the
AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected. Filtering a field is particularly
helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on
specific areas. 2 Category field Region filtered to show South and West region
items Conditional filtering You can apply a filter to a series or category field
to show the top or bottom n items based on a total. For example, you can filter
for the three cities that generated the most sales or the five products that are
least profitable. Instead of n items, you can also choose to filter for a
certain percentage of items. For example, you can filter for the top 25 % or
bottom 25 % of salespeople based on the number of orders handled. If there are
40 salespeople, after the filter is applied, you will see data for 10 people.
When you filter a field, you can display the data for a single item, or you can
select some items to display and other items to hide. Chart with category field
Chart with category field filtered 1 Category field Region showing all items
(not filtered) You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow
the focus. Filtering based on the data in one cell (Filter by Selection) You can
filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell.
Filtering by selection is particularly useful for fields in the detail area,
when you want to view all of the rows that contain a particular value. Using a
field in the Filter axis You can also filter data by using filter fields. When
you select one or more items in the filter field, the data that's displayed and
calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items. You can
add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area. Filter field
example 1 Filter field Conditional filtering Rules for moving an interior
horizontal line If you move the line upward, the distance between the moving
line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant, and the perpendicular
line above the moving line contracts. If you move the line downward, the
distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains
constant, and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens. Rules for
moving an exterior line If you are moving the line away from the center of the
grid, the nearest parallel line doesn't move, and the distance between the line
you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger. If you are moving the
line towards the center of the grid, the nearest parallel line doesn't move, and
the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows
smaller. Copy a line in a grid of grouped lines Select the line you want to copy
and press CTRLâ€“C. Press CTRLâ€“V to paste the line. When you copy an interior
vertical line, the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line
to the right of the line you copied. When you copy an interior horizontal line,
the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line below the line
you copied. When you copy an exterior line, the new line is located halfway
between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you
copied. After you paste the line, you do not need to recreate the group â€“ the
new line is automatically part of the group. About handling Null values in
calculations The aggregate functions won't include records containing blank
(Null) values in their calculations. For example, the Count function returns a
count of all the records without Null values. If you want to find the total
number of records including those with Nullvalues, use Count with the wildcard
character. To count Null values when using the other aggregate functions, use
the Nz function, which converts Null values to zeroes so they are included in a
calculation. If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression
might have a Null value, you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz
function as shown in the following example: About installing, licensing, and
distributing Office Web Components When you design a Web page using Microsoft
Office Web Components, any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can
interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you
provide. That is, a user with an appropriate license can make changes to data in
a spreadsheet, change formatting, drag fields in a chart or PivotTable List, and
so on, as long as you didn't protect these options at design time. Users with an
Office 2002 license can also create, design, and modify components in a design
environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access. Users who do not
have Office 2002 licenses can view the components and the data in them, and can
print the view of the components, but they can not interact with the components
or manipulate them in a design environment. This means that if you distribute a
Web page that uses components, users who have Office 2002 licenses will have
access to all functionality provided, but users without a license can only view
the data and information you've provided. Installing the Office Web Components
Microsoft Office Web Components are installed with Microsoft Office 2002 and
Microsoft Office applications, or they can be installed separately from an
installation point provided by the Web page designer. When you distribute a Web
page that uses components, users who do not have the components installed will
be prompted to install the components, provided the Web page designer configures
the components to do so. The Web page designer must also provide an installation
point for the components and a pointer to that location on the component
installation page. For more information, see the Microsoft Office 2002 Resource
Kit. Once the Office Web Components are installed, users who have access to an
Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the
components. Users without licenses will be able to view and print the components
and the data in them, but they can not interact with or make changes to them.
Details on licensing and functionality Office 2002 installed on computer Users
have full functionality and interactivity with components, including run-time
and design-time capabilities. Office 2002 application installed on computer
Users can interact with the component in design mode in that application only
(not in the browser or in other applications). Office 2002 site license (user
doesn't have Office 2002 installed on computer, but user's organization has an
enterprise or site license agreement) However, the Web page designer must
provide a location from which components can be downloaded, and must reference
the site license in a license package file (.lpk) that is associated with one or
more Web pages. You use the License Package Authoring Tool to create an
appropriate license file for pages. For more information, see MSDN Online. No
Office 2002, Office 2002 applications, or site licenses Users can view and print
the components in view-only mode, but they can not interact with the components
or use the design capabilities. About avoiding the mixing of queries created
under different ANSI SQL query modes The two ANSI SQL query modes, ANSI-89 and
ANSI-92, are not compatible. When you create a Microsoft Access database, you
need to decide which query mode you are going to use, because mixing queries
created in both query modes could produce runtime errors or unexpected results.
The range of data types, reserved words, and wildcard characters are different
in each query mode. Example of a query using wildcard characters A query that
uses wildcard characters in a criteria expression can produce different results
under each query mode. For example, if you run: An ANSI-89 SQL query in a
database set to ANSI-92 query mode, such as: SELECT asterisk FROM Customers
WHERE Country Like U % It returns all customers from a (country|region) named "U
% ", not all (countries|regions) beginning with the letter "U ", because the
percent sign (%) is not a wildcard character in ANSI-89 SQL. Example of a query
with a duplicate field and alias name If a query uses an alias that is the same
as a base column name and you create a calculated field using the ambiguous
name, the query will produce different results under each query mode. How to
avoid problems caused by mixing queries under different ANSI SQL query modes in
the same database In general, avoid doing the following to prevent problems
caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes:
Converting an Access database set to ANSI-92 SQL query mode from 2002 file
format to 2000 or 97 file format. ANSI-92 SQL query mode is only supported in
the 2002 file format. Changing the ANSI SQL query mode for the current database
after you've created one or more queries. If you must do this, retest the
existing queries to ensure that they still run or produce expected results, and
rewrite the queries if necessary. Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL
query mode into an Access database set to another mode, or exporting queries
created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode.
Changing the ANSI SQL query mode in an existing application. This could break
your application and require rewriting your application. In Access 2000, you can
only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created
under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window. In Access 2002, you or a
user can change ANSI SQL query mode through the user interface and ANSI-92
queries are no longer hidden in the Database window, so you should prevent
accidental or intentional changes to the ANSI SQL query mode of your application
by protecting your code and preventing the changing of the query mode through
the application's user interface. Using ambiguous aliases and column names. To
avoid confusion, ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an
SQL statement. About how Access searches for reference libraries The Visual
Basic project of a Microsoft Access file contains references to object
libraries, and it can also contain references to other files, including other
Access files. The locations of referenced files are specified in the References
dialog box that is available from the References command on the Tools menu in
the Visual Basic Editor. When you open an Access file, if Access doesn't find a
referenced file in the specified location, it searches for the reference as
follows. First, Access searches for a RefLibPaths key in the following location
in the Microsoft Windows Registry: If the key exists, Access checks for the
existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file. If it
finds a matching value name, Access loads the reference from the path specified
in the corresponding value data. If Access doesn't find a RefLibPaths key, it
searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following
order: Application folder containing the application (the folder where
Msaccess.exe is located). Current folder. System folders (the System and
System32 folders located in the Windows or WINNT folder). PATH environment
variable. For more information about environment variables, see Windows Help.
The folder that contains the Access file, and any subfolders located in that
folder. If Access still can't find the reference after performing this search,
you must fix the reference manually. About saving an object as a data access
page You can also save tables, views, stored procedures, functions, and forms in
a Microsoft Access project as a data access page. Saving an object as a data
access page enables you to quickly convert an object into a page, and allows
users of your application to review, enter, and analyze data over the Internet
or an intranet. For example, if you have a sales report that you want to make
available over the Web, instead of creating a data access page and customizing
it to look like the sales report, you can save the report as a data access page.
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is
similar in appearance and functionality to the original report. If you want to
make changes to the design of the resulting page, you can open the page in
Design view and make any changes you want. The default view â€“ the view in which
the object is open when you carry out the Save As command â€“ determines the
design of the data access page. The following table lists the outcome of each
view. Default view (current view) Outcome Datasheet view A page that has
controls arranged as a datasheet Form view PivotTable view A page that uses a
Microsoft Office PivotTable Component PivotChart view A page that uses a
Microsoft Office Chart Component If you carry out the Save As command after
making changes to the object's formatting, but before saving your changes, the
current formatting â€“ not the saved formatting â€“ will be used to create the page.
Implications of using the Save As command Control support Such controls will be
left unbound on a page. Subforms and subreports Subforms and subreports on a
form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command.
However, you can open the page in Design view and create additional group levels
to make the page appear similar to the original object. Control naming Controls
on forms and reports need not have unique names, but names of controls on a page
must be unique. While creating the page, Access will change control names that
are not unique. Controls in the header and footer sections Controls in the Form,
Report, or page header sections will be placed as unbound controls in the
caption section of the outermost group level. Controls in the Form, Report, or
page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation
section of the outermost group level. Code in a form or report that can not run
from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end
of the document. Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and
placed in a folder named "Images ". Group level properties By default, the
AllowAdditions, AllowDeletions, and AllowEdits properties of all group levels in
a data access page created from a report are set to False. However, you can open
the page in Design view and change the property settings. Expressions that refer
to form or subform properties are ignored. About sorting data in PivotTable or
PivotChart view 

It was a wrong number that started it, the telephone ringing three times in the
dead of night, and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not.
Much later, when he was able to think about the things that happened to him, he
would conclude that nothing was real except chance. But that was much later. In
the beginning, there was simply the event and its consequences. Whether it might
have turned out differently, or whether it was all predetermined with the first
word that came from the stranger's mouth, is not the question. The question is
the story itself, and whether or not it means something is not for the story to
tell. As for Quinn, there is little that need detain us. Who he was, where he
came from, and what he did are of no great importance. We know, for example,
that he was thirty-five years old. We know that he had once been married, had
once been a father, and that both his wife and son were now dead. We also know
that he wrote books. To be precise, we know that he wrote mystery novels. These
works were written under the name of William Wilson, and he produced them at the
rate of about one a year, which brought in enough money for him to live modestly
in a small New York apartment. Because he spent no more than five or six months
on a novel, for the rest of the year he was free to do as he wished. He read
many books, he looked at paintings, he went to the movies. In the summer he
watched baseball on television; in the winter he went to the opera. More than
anything, however, what he liked to do was walk. Nearly every day, rain or
shine, hot or cold, he would leave his apartment to walk through the city â€“
never really going anywhere, but simply going wherever his legs happened to take
him. New York was an inexhaustible space, a labyrinth of endless steps, and no
matter how far he walked, no matter how well he came to know its neighborhoods
and streets, it always left him with the feeling of being lost. Lost, not only
in the city, but within himself as well. Each time he took a walk, he felt as
though he were leaving himself behind, and by giving himself up to the movement
of the streets, by reducing himself to a seeing eye, he was able to escape the
obligation to think, and this, more than anything else, brought him a measure of
peace, a salutatory emptiness within. The world was outside of him, around him,
before him, and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him
to dwell on any one thing for very long. Motion was of the essence, the act of
putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift
of his own body. By wandering aimlessly, all places became equal, and it no
longer mattered where he was. On his best walks, he was able to feel that he was
nowhere. New York was the nowhere he had built around himself, and he realized
that he had no intention of ever leaving it again. In the past, Quinn had been
more ambitious. As a young man, he had published several books of poetry, had
written plays, critical essays, and had worked on a number of long translations.
But quite abruptly, he had given up all that. A part of him had died, he told
his friends, and he did not want it coming back to haunt him. It was then that
he had taken on the name of William Wilson. Quinn was no longer that part of him
that could write books, and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist, he
no longer existed for anyone but himself. The next morning, Quinn woke up
earlier than he had in several weeks. As he drank his coffee, buttered his
toast, and read through the baseball scores in the paper (the Mets had lost
again, two to one, on a ninth inning error), it did not occur to him that he was
going to show up for his appointment. Even that locution, 'his appointment',
seemed odd to him. It wasn't his appointment, it was Paul Auster's. And who that
person was he had no idea. Nevertheless, as time wore on he found himself doing
a good imitation of a man preparing to go out. He cleared the table of the
breakfast dishes, tossed the newspaper on the couch, went into the bathroom,
showered, shaved, went on to the bedroom wrapped in two towels, opened the
closet and picked out his clothes for the day. He found himself tending toward a
jacket and a tie. Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and
son, and he could not even remember if he still owned one. But there it was,
hanging amidst the debris of his wardrobe. He dismissed a white shirt as too
formal, however, and instead chose a gray and red check affair to go with the
gray tie. He put them on in a kind of trance. It was not until he had his hand
on the doorknob that he began to suspect what he was doing. I seem to be going
out, he said to himself. But if I am going out, where exactly am I going? An
hour later, as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue,
he still had not answered the question. To one side of him was the park, green
in the morning sun, with sharp, fleeting shadows; to the other side was the
Frick, white and austere, as if abandoned to the dead. He thought for a moment
of Vermeer's Soldier and Young Girl Smiling, trying to remember the expression
on the girl's face, the exact position of her hands around the cup, the red back
of the faceless man. In his mind, he caught a glimpse of the blue map on the
wall and the sunlight pouring through the window, so like the sunlight that
surrounded him now. He was walking. He was crossing the street and moving
eastward. At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block, then
turned left and saw where he was. I seem to have arrived, he said to himself. He
stood before the building and paused. It suddenly did not seem to matter
anymore. He felt remarkably calm, as if everything had already happened to him.
As he opened the door that would lead him into the lobby, he gave himself one
last word of advice. If all this is really happening, he said, then I must keep
my eyes open. It was a woman who opened the apartment door. For some reason,
Quinn had not expected this, and it threw him off track. Already, things were
happening too fast. Before he had a chance to absorb the woman's presence, to
describe her to himself and form his impressions, she was talking to him,
forcing him to respond. Therefore, even in those first moments, he had lost
ground, was starting to fall behind himself. Later, when he had time to reflect
on these events, he would manage to piece together his encounter with the woman.
But that was the work of memory, and remembered things, he knew, had a tendency
to subvert the things remembered. As a consequence, he could never be sure of
any of it. The woman was thirty, perhaps thirty-five; average height at best;
hips a touch wide, or else voluptuous, depending on your point of view; dark
hair, dark eyes, and a look in those eyes that was at once self-contained and
vaguely seductive. She wore a black dress and very red lipstick. Mr Auster? A
tentative smile; a questioning tilt to the head. That's right, said Quinn. I'm
Virginia Stillman, the woman began. Peter's wife. He's been waiting for you
since eight o'clock. The appointment was for ten, said Quinn, glancing at his
watch. It was exactly ten. He's been frantic, the woman explained. I've never
seen him like this before. He just couldn't wait. She opened the door for Quinn.
As he crossed the threshold and entered the apartment, he could feel himself
going blank, as if his brain had suddenly shut off. He had wanted to take in the
details of what he was seeing, but the task was somehow beyond him at that
moment. The apartment loomed up around him as a kind of blur. He realized that
it was large, perhaps five or six rooms, and that it was richly furnished, with
numerous art objects, silver ashtrays, and elaborately framed paintings on the
walls. But that was all. No more than a general impression â€“ even though he was
there, looking at those things with his own eyes. He found himself sitting on a
sofa, alone in the living room. He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told
him to wait there while she went to find her husband. He couldn't say how long
it had been. Surely no more than a minute or two. But from the way the light was
coming through the windows, it seemed to be almost noon. It did not occur to
him, however, to consult his watch. The smell of Virginia Stillman's perfume
hovered around him, and he began to imagine what she looked like without any
clothes on. Then he thought about what Max Work might have been thinking, had he
been there. He decided to light a cigarette. He blew the smoke into the room. It
pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts, disperse, and take on new
definition as the light caught it. He heard the sound of someone entering the
room behind him. Quinn stood up from the sofa and turned around, expecting to
see Mrs. Stillman. Instead, it was a young man, dressed entirely in white, with
the white-blond hair of a child. Uncannily, in that first moment, Quinn thought
of his own dead son. Then, just as suddenly as the thought had appeared, it
vanished. Peter Stillman walked into the room and sat down in a red velvet
armchair opposite Quinn. He said not a word as he made his way to his seat, nor
did he acknowledge Quinn's presence. The act of moving from one place to another
seemed to require all his attention, as though not to think of what he was doing
would reduce him to immobility. Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a
manner, and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to
on the phone. The body acted almost exactly as the voice had: machine-like,
fitful, alternating between slow and rapid gestures, rigid and yet expressive,
as if the operation were out of control, not quite corresponding to the will
that lay behind it. It seemed to Quinn that Stillman's body had not been used
for a long time and that all its functions had been relearned, so that motion
had become a conscious process, each movement broken down into its component
submovements, with the result that all flow and spontaneity had been lost. It
was like watching a marionette trying to walk without strings. Everything about
Peter Stillman was white. White shirt, open at the neck; white pants, white
shoes, white socks. Against the pallor of his skin, the flaxen thinness of his
hair, the effect was almost transparent, as though one could see through to the
blue veins behind the skin of his face. This blue was almost the same as his
eyes: a milky blue that seemed to dissolve into a mixture of sky and clouds.
Quinn could not imagine himself addressing a word to this person. It was as
though Stillman's presence was a command to be silent. Stillman settled slowly
into his chair and at last turned his attention to Quinn. As their eyes met,
Quinn suddenly felt that Stillman had become invisible. He could see him sitting
in the chair across from him, but at the same time it felt as though he was not
there. It occurred to Quinn that perhaps Stillman was blind. But no, that did
not seem possible. The man was looking at him, even studying him, and if
recognition did not flicker across his face, it still held something more than a
blank stare. Quinn did not know what to do. He sat there dumbly in his seat,
looking back at Stillman. A long time passed. No questions, please, the young
man said at last. Yes. No. Thank you. He paused for a moment. I am Peter
Stillman. I say this of my free will. Yes. That is not my real name. No. Of
course, my mind is not all it should be. But nothing can be done about that. No.
About that. No, no. Not anymore. You sit here and think: who is this person
talking to me? What are these words coming from his mouth? I will tell you. Or
else I will not tell you. At the corner of 72nd Street and Madison Avenue, he
waved down a cab. As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side,
Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter
Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light. He wondered if Peter
saw the same things as he did, or whether the world was a different place for
him. And if a tree was not a tree, he wondered what it really was. After the cab
had dropped him off in front of his house, Quinn realized that he was hungry. He
had not eaten since breakfast early that morning. It was strange, he thought,
how quickly time had passed in the Stillman apartment. If his calculations were
correct, he had been there for more than fourteen hours. Within himself,
however, it felt as though his stay had lasted three or four hours at most. He
shrugged at the discrepancy and said to himself, I must learn to look at my
watch more often. He retraced his path along 107th Street, turned left on
Broadway, and began walking uptown, looking for a suitable place to eat. A bar
did not appeal to him tonight â€“ eating in the dark, the press of boozy chatter â€“
although normally he would have welcomed it. As he crossed 112th Street, he saw
that the Heights Luncheonette was still open and decided to go in. It was a
brightly lit yet dreary place, with a large rack of girlie magazines on one
wall, an area for stationery supplies, another area for newspapers, several
tables for patrons, and a long Formica counter with swivel stools. A tall Puerto
Rican man in a white cardboard chef's hat stood behind the counter. It was his
job to make the food, which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger
patties, bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce, milkshakes, egg
creams, and buns. To his right, ensconced behind the cash register, was the
boss, a small balding man with curly hair and a concentration camp number
tattoed on his forearm, lording it over his domain of cigarettes, pipes, and
cigars. He sat there impassively, reading the night-owl edition of the next
morning's Daily News. The place was almost deserted at that hour. He would
arrive early, never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out
coffee, a buttered roll, and an open newspaper on his lap, watching the glass
door of the hotel. By eight o'clock Stillman would come out, always in his long
brown overcoat, carrying a large, old-fashioned carpet bag. For two weeks this
routine did not vary. The old man would wander through the streets of the
neighborhood, advancing slowly, sometimes by the merest of increments, pausing,
moving on again, pausing once more, as though each step had to be weighed and
measured before it could take its place among the sum total of steps. Moving in
this manner was difficult for Quinn. He was used to walking briskly, and all
this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain, as though the
rhythm of his body was being disrupted. He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise,
and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back. What Stillman did on
these walks remained something of a mystery to Quinn. He could, of course, see
with his own eyes what happened, and all these things he dutifully recorded in
his red notebook. But the meaning of these things continued to elude him.
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular, nor did he seem to
know where he was. and yet, as if by conscious design, he kept to a narrowly
circumscribed area, bounded on the north by Riverside Park, and on the east by
Amsterdam Avenue. No matter how haphazard his journeys seemed to be â€“ and each
day his itinerary was different â€“ Stillman never crossed these borders. Such
precision baffled Quinn, for in all other respects Stillman seemed to be
aimless. As he walked, Stillman did not look up. His eyes were permanently fixed
on the pavement, as though he were searching for something. Indeed, every now
and then he would stoop down, pick some object off the ground, and examine it
closely, turning it over and over in his hand. It made Quinn think of an
archeologist inspecting a shard at some prehistoric ruin. Occasionally, after
poring over an object in this way, Stillman would toss it back onto the
sidewalk. But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object
gently inside it. Then, reaching into one of his coat pockets, he would remove a
red notebook â€“ similar to Quinn's but smaller â€“ and write in it with great
concentration for a minute or two. Having completed this operation, he would
return the notebook to his pocket, pick up his bag, and continue on his way. As
far as Quinn could tell, the objects Stillman collected were valueless. They
seemed to be no more than broken things, discarded things, stray bits of junk.
Over the days that passed, Quinn noted a collapsible umbrella shorn of its
material, the severed head of a rubber doll, a black glove, the bottom of a
shattered light bulb, several pieces of printed matter (sogged magazines,
shredded newspapers), a torn photograph, anonymous machinery parts, and sundry
other clumps of flotsam he could not identify. The fact that Stillman took this
scavenging seriously intrigued Quinn, but he could do no more than observe,
write down what he saw in the red notebook, hover stupidly on the surface of
things. At the same time, it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red
notebook, as if this formed a secret link between them. Quinn suspected that
Stillman's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been
accumulating in his mind, and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing
it from the old man. But the time had not yet come for such a step. Other than
picking up objects from the street, Stillman seemed to do nothing. Every now and
then he would stop somewhere for a meal. Occasionally he would bump into someone
and mumble an apology. Once a car nearly ran him over as he was crossing the
street. Stillman did not talk to anyone, did not go into any stores, did not
smile. He seemed neither happy nor sad. Twice, when his scavenging haul had been
unusually large, he returned to the hotel in the middle of the day and remerged
a few minutes later with an empty bag. On most days he spent at least several
hours in Riverside Park, walking methodically along the macadam footpaths or
else thrashing through the bushes with a stick. His quest for objects did not
abate amidst the greenery. Stones, leaves, and twigs all found their way into
his bag. Once, Quinn observed, he even stooped down for a dried dog turd,
sniffed it carefully, and kept it. It was in the park, too, that Stillman
rested. In the afternoon, often following his lunch, he would sit on a bench and
gaze out across the Hudson. Once, on a particularly warm day, Quinn saw him
sprawled out on the grass asleep. When darkness came, Stillman would eat dinner
at the Apollo Coffee Shop on 97th Street and Broadway and then return to his
hotel for the night. Not once did he try to contact his son. This was confirmed
by Virginia Stillman, whom Quinn called each night after returning home. The
essential thing was to stay involved. Little by little, Quinn began to feel cut
off from his original intentions, and he wondered now if he had not embarked on
a meaningless project. It was possible, of course, that Stillman was merely
biding his time, lulling the world into lethargy before striking. But that would
assume he was aware of being watched, and Quinn felt that was unlikely. He had
done his job well so far, keeping at a discreet distance from the old man,
blending into the traffic of the street, neither calling attention to himself
nor taking drastic measures to keep himself hidden. On the other hand, it was
possible that Stillman had known all along that he would be watched â€“ had even
known it in advance â€“ and therefore had not taken the trouble to discover who
the particular watcher was. If being followed was a certainty, what did it
matter? A watcher, once discovered, could always be replaced by another. This
view of the situation comforted Quinn, and he decided to believe in it, even
though he had no grounds for belief. Either Stillman knew what he was doing or
he didn't. and if he didn't, then Quinn was going nowhere, was wasting his time.
How much better it was to believe that all his steps were actually to some
purpose. If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman's part, then
Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith, at least for the time
being. There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed
the old man. Quinn was used to wandering. His excursions through the city had
taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer. Using aimless
motion as a technique of reversal, on his best days he could bring the outside
in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness. By flooding himself with
externals, by drowning himself out of himself, he had managed to exert some
small degree of control over his fits of despair. Wandering, therefore, was a
kind of mindlessness. But following Stillman was not wandering. Stillman could
wander, he could stagger like a blindman from one spot to another, but this was
a privilege denied to Quinn. For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he
was doing, even if it was next to nothing. Time and again his thoughts would
begin to drift, and soon thereafter his steps would follow suit. This meant that
he was constantly in danger of quickening his pace and crashing into Stillman
from behind. To guard against this mishap he devised several different methods
of deceleration. The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel
Quinn. He was Paul Auster now, and with each step he took he tried to fit more
comfortably into the strictures of that transformation. Auster was no more than
a name to him, a husk without content. To be Auster meant being a man with no
interior, a man with no thoughts. Stillman was gone now. The old man had become
part of the city. He was a speck, a punctuation mark, a brick in an endless wall
of bricks. Quinn could walk through the streets every day for the rest of his
life, and still he would not find him. Everything had been reduced to chance, a
nightmare of numbers and probabilities. There were no clues, no leads, no moves
to be made. Quinn backtracked in his mind to the beginning of the case. His job
had been to protect Peter, not to follow Stillman. That had simply been a
method, a way of trying to predict what would happen. By watching Stillman, the
theory was that he would learn what his intentions were toward Peter. He had
followed the old man for two weeks. What, then, could he conclude? Not much.
Stillman's behavior had been too obscure to give any hints. There were, of
course, certain extreme measures that they could take. He could suggest to
Virginia Stillman that she get an unlisted telephone number. That would
eliminate the disturbing calls, at least temporarily. If that failed, she and
Peter could move. They could leave the neighborhood, perhaps leave the city
altogether. At the very worst, they could take on new identities, live under
different names. This last thought reminded him of something important. Until
now, he realized, he had never seriously questioned the circumstances of his
hiring. Things had happened too quickly, and he had taken it for granted that he
could fill in for Paul Auster. Once he had taken the leap into that name, he had
stopped thinking about Auster himself. If this man was as good a detective as
the Stillmans thought he was, perhaps he would be able to help with the case.
Quinn would make a clean breast of it, Auster would forgive him, and together
they would work to save Peter Stillman. He looked through the yellow pages for
the Auster Detective Agency. There was no listing. In the white pages, however,
he found the name. There was one Paul Auster in Manhattan, living on Riverside
Drive â€“ not far from Quinn's own house. There was no mention of a detective
agency, but that did not necessarily mean anything. It could be that Auster had
so much work he didn't need to advertise. Quinn picked up the phone and was
about to dial when he thought better of it. This was too important a
conversation to leave to the phone. He did not want to run the risk of being
brushed off. Since Auster did not have an office, that meant he worked at home.
Quinn would go there and talk to him face to face. The rain had stopped now, and
although the sky was still gray, far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of
light seeping through the clouds. As he walked up Riverside Drive, he became
aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman. It felt as though he
had lost half of himself. For two weeks he had been tied by an invisible thread
to the old man. Whatever Stillman had done, he had done; wherever Stillman had
gone, he had gone. His body was not accustomed to this new freedom, and for the
first few blocks he walked at the old shuffling pace. The spell was over, and
yet his body did not know it. Auster's building was in the middle of the long
block that ran between 116th and 119th Streets, just south of Riverside Church
and Grant's Tomb. It was a well-kept place, with polished doorknobs and clean
glass, and it had an air of bourgeois sobriety that appealed to Quinn at that
moment. Auster's apartment was on the eleventh floor, and Quinn rang the buzzer,
expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom. But the door buzzer
answered him without any conversation. Quinn pushed the door open, walked
through the lobby, and rode the elevator to the eleventh floor. It was a man who
opened the apartment door. He was a tall dark fellow in his mid-thirties, with
rumpled clothes and a two-day beard. In his right hand, fixed between his thumb
and first two fingers, he held an uncapped fountain pen, still poised in a
writing position. The man seemed surprised to find a stranger standing before
him. Yes? he asked tentatively. Quinn spoke in the politest tone he could
muster. Were you expecting someone else? My wife, as a matter of fact. That's
why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was. I'm sorry to disturb you, Quinn
apologized. But I'm looking for Paul Auster. I'm Paul Auster, said the man. I
wonder if I could talk to you. It's quite important. You'll have to tell me what
it's about first. I hardly know myself. Quinn gave Auster an honest look. It's
complicated, I'm afraid. Very complicated. Do you have a name? I'm sorry. Of
course I do. Quinn. The name seemed to suggest something to Auster, and he
paused for a moment abstractedly, as if searching through his memory. Quinn, he
muttered to himself. I know that name from somewhere. He went silent again,
straining harder to dredge up the answer. You aren't a poet, are you? I used to
be, said Quinn. But I haven't written poems for a long time now. You did a book
several years ago, didn't you? I think the title was Unfinished Business. A
little book with a blue cover. Yes. That was me. I liked it very much. I kept
hoping to see more of your work. In fact, I even wondered what had happened to
you. I'm still here. Sort of. Auster opened the door wider and gestured for
Quinn to enter the apartment. It was a pleasant enough place inside; oddly
shaped, with several long corridors, books cluttered everywhere, pictures on the
walls by artists Quinn did not know, and a few children's toys scattered on the
floor â€“ a red truck, a brown bear, a green space monster. Auster led him to the
living room, gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in, and then went off to
the kitchen to fetch some beer. He returned with two bottles, placed them on a
wooden crate that served as the coffee table, and sat down on the sofa across
from Quinn. Was it some kind of literary thing you wanted to talk about? Auster
began. No, said Quinn. In the end, they are actually successful. The book was
just one of their ploys. The idea was to hold a mirror up to Don Quixote's
madness to record each of his absurd and ludicrous delusions, so that when he
finally read the book himself, he would see the error of his ways. I like that.
Yes. But there's one last twist. Don Quixote, in my view, was not really mad. He
only pretended to be. In fact, he orchestrated the whole thing himself.
Remember: throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of
posterity. Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record
his adventures. This implies knowledge on his part; he knows beforehand that
this chronicler exists. And who else is it but Sancho Panza, the faithful squire
whom Don Quixote has chosen for exactly this purpose? In the same way, he chose
the three others to play the roles he destined for them. It was Don Quixote who
engineered the Benengali quartet. And not only did he select the authors, it was
probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish. We shouldn't
put it past him. For a man so skilled in the art of disguise, darkening his skin
and donning the clothes of a Moor could not have been very difficult. I like to
imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo. Cervantes hiring Don Quixote to
decipher the story of Don Quixote himself. There's great beauty to it. But you
still haven't explained why a man like Don Quixote would disrupt his tranquil
life to engage in such an elaborate hoax. That's the most interesting part of
all. In my opinion, Don Quixote was conducting an experiment. He wanted to test
the gullibility of his fellow men. Would it be possible, he wondered, to stand
up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense?
To say that windmills were knights, that a barber's basin was a helmet, that
puppets were real people? Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with
what he said, even though they did not believe him? In other words, to what
extent would people tolerate blasphemies if they gave them amusement? The answer
is obvious, isn't it? To any extent. For the proof is that we still read the
book. It remains highly amusing to us. And that's finally all anyone wants out
of a book â€“ to be amused. Auster leaned back on the sofa, smiled with a certain
ironic pleaure, and lit a cigarette. The man was obviously enjoying himself, but
the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn. It seemed to be a kind of
soundless laughter, a joke that stopped short of its punchline, a generalized
mirth that had no object. Quinn was about to say something in response to
Auster's theory, but he was not given the chance. Just as he opened his mouth to
speak, he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door, the sound
of the door opening and then slamming shut, and a burst of voices. Auster's face
perked up at the sound. He rose from his seat, excused himself to Quinn, and
walked quickly towards the door. Quinn heard laughter in the hallway, first from
a woman and then from a child â€“ the high and the higher, a staccato of ringing
shrapnel â€“ and then the basso rumbling of Auster's guffaw. The child spoke:
Daddy, look what I found! And then the woman explained that it had been lying on
the street, and why not, it seemed perfectly okay. A moment later he heard the
child running towards him down the hall. The child shot into the living room,
caught sight of Quinn, and stopped dead in his tracks. He was a blond-haired boy
of five or six. Good afternoon, said Quinn. The boy, rapidly withdrawing into
shyness, managed no more than a faint hello. In his left hand he held a red
object that Quinn could not identify. Quinn asked the boy what it was. It's a
yoyo, he answered, opening his hand to show him. I found it on the street. Does
it work? The boy gave an exaggerated pantomine shrug. Dunno. Siri can't do it.
And I don't know how. Quinn asked him if he could try, and the boy walked over
and put it in his hand. As he examined the yoyo, he could hear the child
breathing beside him, watching his every move. The yoyo was plastic, similar to
the ones he had played with years ago, but more elaborate somehow, an artifact
of the space age. Quinn fastened the loop at the end of the string around his
middle finger, stood up, and gave it a try. The yoyo gave off a fluted,
whistling sound as it descended, and sparks shot off inside it. The boy gasped,
but then the yoyo stopped, dangling at the end of the line. A great philosopher
once said, muttered Quinn, that the way up and the way down are one and the
same. But you didn't make it go up, said the boy. It only went down. You have to
keep trying. Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and
his wife entered the room. He looked up and saw the woman first. In that one
brief moment he knew that he was in trouble. She was a tall, thin blonde,
radiantly beautiful, with an energy and happiness that seemed to make everything
around her invisible. It was too much for Quinn. He felt as though Auster were
taunting him with the things he had lost, and he responded with envy and rage, a
lacerating self-pity. Yes, he too would have liked to have this wife and this
child, to sit around all day spouting drivel about old books, to be surrounded
by yoyos and ham omelettes and fountain pens. He prayed to himself for
deliverance. Auster saw the yoyo in his hands and said, I see you've already
met. Daniel, he said to the boy, this is Daniel. And then to Quinn, with that
same ironic smile, Daniel, this is Daniel. The boy burst out laughing and said,
Everybody's Daniel! That's right, said Quinn. I'm you, and you're me. And around
and around it goes, shouted the boy, suddenly spreading his arms and spinning
around the room like a gyroscope. And this, said Auster, turning to the woman,
is my wife, Siri. The wife smiled her smile, said she was glad to meet Quinn as
though she meant it, and then extended her hand to him. He shook it, feeling the
uncanny slenderness of her bones, and asked if her name was Norwegian. Not many
people know that, she said. Do you come from Norway? Indirectly, she said. By
way of Northfield, Minnesota. And then she laughed her laugh, and Quinn felt a
little more of himself collapse. Quinn was nowhere now. He had nothing, he knew
nothing, he knew that he knew nothing. Not only had he been sent back to the
beginning, he was now before the beginning, and so far before the beginning that
it was worse than any end he could imagine. His watch read nearly six. Quinn
walked home the way he had come, lengthening his strides with each new block. By
the time he came to his street, he was running. It's June second, he told
himself. Try to remember that. This is New York, and tomorrow will be June
third. If all goes well, the following day will be the fourth. But nothing is
certain. The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman, and
he debated whether to go through with it. Would it be possible to ignore her?
Could he abandon everything now, just like that? Yes, he said to himself, it was
possible. He could forget about the case, get back to his routine, write another
book. He could take a trip if he liked, even leave the country for a while. He
could go to Paris, for example. Yes, that was possible. But anywhere would do,
he thought, anywhere at all. He sat down in his living room and looked at the
walls. They had once been white, he remembered, but now they had turned a
curious shade of yellow. Perhaps one day they would drift further into
dinginess, lasping into gray, or even brown, like some pieces of aging fruit. A
white wall becomes a yellow wall becomes a gray wall, he said to himself. The
paint becomes exhausted, the city encroaches with its soot, the plaster crumbles
within. Changes, then more changes still. He smoked a cigarette, and then
another, and then another. He looked at his hands, saw that they were dirty, and
got up to wash them. In the bathroom, with the water running in the sink, he
decided to shave as well. He lathered his face, took out a clean blade, and
started scraping off his beard. For some reason, he found it unpleasant to look
in the mirror and kept trying to avoid himself with his eyes. You're getting
old, he said to himself, you're turning into an old fart. Then he went into the
kitchen, ate a bowl of cornflakes, and smoked another cigarette. It was seven
o'clock now. Once again, he debated whether to call Virginia Stillman. As he
turned the question over in his mind, it occurred to him that he no longer had
an opinion. He saw the argument for making the call, and at the same time he saw
the argument for not making it. In the end, it was etiquette that decided. It
would not be fair to disappear without telling her first. After that, it would
be perfectly acceptable. As long as you tell people what you are going to do, he
reasoned, it doesn't matter. Then you are free to do what you want. The number,
however, was busy. He waited five minutes and dialed again. Again, the number
was busy. For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting, always
with the same result. At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone
was out of order. There would be a charge of thirty cents, he was told. Then
came a crackling in the wires, the sound of further dialing, more voices. Quinn
tried to imagine what the operators looked like. Then the first woman spoke
again: the number was busy. Quinn did not know what to think. There were so many
possibilities, he could not even begin. Stillman? The phone off the hook?
Someone else altogether? He turned on the television and watched the first two
innings of the Mets game. Then he dialed once again. Same thing. In the top of
the third St. Louis scored on a walk, a stolen base, an infield out, and a
sacrifice fly. The Mets matched that run in their half of the inning on a double
by Wilson and a single by Youngblood. Quinn realized that he didn't care. A beer
commercial came on, and he turned off the sound. For the twentieth time the same
thing happened. In the top of the fourth St. Louis scored five runs, and Quinn
turned off the picture as well. He found his red notebook, sat down at his desk,
and wrote steadily for the next two hours. He did not bother to read over what
he had written. Then he called Virginia Stillman and got another busy signal. He
slammed the receiver down so hard that the plastic cracked. When he tried to
call again, he could no longer get a dial tone. He stood up, went into the
kitchen, and made another bowl of cornflakes. Then he went to bed. In his dream,
which he later forgot, he found himself walking down Broadway, holding Auster's
son by the hand. 

Security measures are strict on flights to Israel, the bags are searched, the
men are frisked, and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them,
fore-and-aft. Then hand luggage is opened. No one is very patient. Visibility in
the queue is poor because of the many Hasidim with their broad hats and beards
and sidelocks and dangling fringes who have descended on Heathrow and are far
too restless to wait in line but rush in and out, gesticulating, exclaiming. The
corridors are jumping with them. Some two hundred Hasidim are flying to Israel
to attend the circumcision of the firstborn son of their spiritual leader, the
Belzer Rabbi. Entering the 747, my wife, Alexandra, and I are enfiladed by eyes
that lie dark in hairy ambush. To me there is nothing foreign in these hats,
side-locks, and fringes. It is my childhood revisited. At the age of six, I
myself wore a tallith katan, or scapular, under my shirt, only mine was a scrap
of green calico print, whereas theirs are white linen. God instructed Moses to
speak to the children of Israel and to "bid them that they make them fringes in
the borders of their garments." So they are still wearing them some four
thousand years later. We find our seats, two in a row of three, toward the rear
of the aircraft. "Do you speak Yiddish?" he says. "Yes, certainly." "I can not
be next to your wife. Please sit between us. Be so good," he says. "Of course."
I take the middle seat, which I dislike, but I am not really put out. Curious,
rather. Our Hasid is in his late twenties. He is pimply, his neck is thin, his
blue eyes goggle, his underlip extrudes. He does not keep a civilized face.
Thoughts and impulses other than civilized fill it by no means inferior impulses
and thoughts. And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to
him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner (all of which
probably saves him a great deal of trouble), he seems a good-hearted young man
and he is visibly enjoying himself. All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying
themselves, dodging through the aisles, visiting chattering standing impatiently
in the long lavatory lines, amiable, busy as geese. They pay no attention to
signs. Don't they understand English? The stewardesses are furious with them. I
ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out
in irritation, "Back to your seat! "She says this in so ringing a voice that I
retreat. Not so the merry-minded Hasidim, exulting everywhere. The orders given
by these young gentile uniformed females are nothing to them. To them they are
merely attendants, exotic bediener, all but bodyless. Anticipating a difficulty,
I ask the stewardess to serve me a kosher lunch. "I can't do that, we haven't
enough for them," she says. "We weren't prepared." Her big British eyes are
affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation. "We've got to go out of our
way to Rome for more of their special meals." Amused, my wife asks why I ordered
the kosher lunch. "Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the
beard will be in a state," I explain. And so he is. The British Airways chicken
with the chill of death upon it lies before me. But after three hours of
security exercises at Heathrow I am hungry. The young Hasid recoils when the
tray is handed to me. He addresses me again in Yiddish. He says, "I must talk to
you. You won't be offended?" "No, I don't think so." "You may want to give me a
slap in the face." "Why should I?" "You are a Jew. You must be a Jew, we are
speaking Yiddish. How can you eat that! ""It looks awful, doesn't it?" "You
mustn't touch it. My womenfolk packed kosher-beef sandwiches for me. Is your
wife Jewish?" Here I'm obliged to lie. Alexandra is Rumanian. But I can't give
him too many shocks at once, and I say, "She has not had a Jewish upbringing."
"She doesn't speak Yiddish?" "Not a word. But excuse me, I want my lunch." "Will
you eat some of my kosher food instead, as a favor?" "With pleasure." "Then I
will give you a sandwich, but only on one condition. You must never never eat
trephena food again." "I can't promise you that. You're asking too much. And
just for one sandwich." "I have a duty toward you," he tells me. "Will you
listen to a proposition?" "Of course I will." "So let us make a deal. I am
prepared to pay you. If you will eat nothing but kosher food, for the rest of
your life I will send you fifteen dollars a week." "That's very generous," I
say. "Well, you are a Jew," he says. "I must try to save you." "How do you earn
your living?" "In a Hasidic sweater factory in New Jersey. We are all Hasidim
there. The boss is a Hasid. I came from Israel five years ago to be married in
New Jersey. My rabbi is in Jerusalem." "How is it that you don't know English?"
"What do I need English for? So, I am asking, will you take my fifteen dollars?"
"Kosher food is far more expensive than other kinds," I say. "Fifteen dollars
isn't nearly enough." "I can go as far as twenty-five." "I can't accept such a
sacrifice from you." Shrugging, he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable
chicken and eat guiltily, my appetite spoiled. The young Hasid opens his prayer
book. "He's so fervent," says my wife. "I wonder if he's praying for you." She
smiles at my discomfiture. As soon as the trays are removed, the Hasidim block
the aisles with their Minchah service, rocking themselves and stretching their
necks upward. This is what has held the Jews together for thousands of years. "I
like them," says my wife. "They're so lively, so childlike." "You might find
them a little hard to live with," I tell her. "You'd have to do everything their
way, no options given." "But they're cheerful, and they're warm and natural. I
love their costumes. Couldn't you get one of those beautiful hats?" "I don't
know whether they sell them to outsiders." When the Hasid returns to his seat
after prayers, I tell him that my wife, a woman of learning, will be lecturing
at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. "What is she?" "A mathematician. "He is
puzzled. "What is that?" he asks. I try to explain. He says, "This I never heard
of. What actually is it they do?" I am astonished. I knew that he was an
innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing. "So
you don't know what mathematicians are. Le Monde gloated over this reversal. On
July 12, after the raid, Israel was accused of giving comfort to the
reactionaries of Rhodesia and South Africa by its demonstration of military
superiority and its use of Western arms and techniques, upsetting the balance
between poor and rich countries, disturbing the work of men of good will in
Paris who were trying to create a new climate and to treat the countries of the
Third World as equals and partners. Rhodesians and South Africans, said Le
Monde, were toasting the Israelis in champagne. But European approval of the
raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order. On July
4-5, again before the rescue, Le Monde had reported without comment wisecracks
made by Amin in a speech at Port Louis. Addressing the OAS, Amin had provoked
laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as
comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives.
"When I left," he said, laughing, "the hostages wept and begged me to stay.
"This broke everybody up. We step into the street and my friend David Shahar,
whose chest is large, takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same. The
air, the very air, is thought-nourishing in Jerusalem, the Sages themselves said
so. I am prepared to believe it. I know that it must have special properties.
The delicacy of the light also affects me. I look downward toward the Dead Sea,
over broken rocks and small houses with bulbous roofs. The color of these is
that of the ground itself, and on this strange deadness the melting air presses
with an almost human weight. Something intelligible, something metaphysical is
communicated by these colors. The universe interprets itself before your eyes in
the openness of the rockjumbled valley ending in dead water. Elsewhere you die
and disintegrate. Here you die and mingle. Shahar leads me down from the
Mishkenot Sha'ananim, which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old
City, to the Gai-Hinnom (Gehenna of tradition), where worshipers of Moloch once
sacrificed their children. He leads me from the Gai-Hinnom up to an ancient
Karaite burial ground, where you can see the mingling for yourself. It acts
queerly on my nerves (through the feet, as it were), because I feel that a good
part of this dust must be ground out of human bone. I don't know that Jerusalem
is geologically older than other places but the dolomite and clay look hoarier
than anything I ever saw. Gray and sunken, in the thoughts of Mr Bloom in
Joyce's Ulysses. But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white
clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion. This
atmosphere makes the American commonplace "out of this world" true enough to
give your soul a start. The municipality has turned the Gai-Hinnom into a park.
The Wolfson Foundation of London has paid for the planting of gardens, and Arab
kids are kicking a soccer ball in the green bottom of the valley. East Jerusalem
toughies of fourteen are smoking cigarettes and stiffening their shoulders,
practicing the dangerous-loiterer bit as we pass. Shahar is bald, muscular, and
his shirt is ornamented with nags, horseshoes, and bridles, a yellow print on
dark blue. Amusing, since he's a writer and a thoughtful man, anything but a
tout. So we look into ancient tombed caverns and the niches into which corpses
once were laid. Now truck fenders are rusting there, the twentieth century
adding its crumbling metal to the great Jerusalem dust mixture. You can be
absolutely sure, says Shahar, that the Prophet Jeremiah passed this way. Right
where we are standing. I find in Elie Kedourie's Arabic Political Memoirs facts
unknown to most about American diplomacy in the late forties. Certainly I didn't
know them. In the Middle East and probably elsewhere, the United States relied
heavily on management consultants and public-relations experts. The American
firm of Booz, Allen &amp; Hamilton lent one of its specialists, Miles Copeland
by name, to the State Department, where he was in 1955 a member of a group
called the Middle East Policy Planning Committee, the main purpose of which was,
in his own words, "to work out ways of taking advantage of the friendship which
was developing between ourselves and Nasser." In 1947 Copeland had been sent to
Damascus ("by whom is not stated," Kedourie says) "to make unofficial contact"
with Syrian leaders and "to probe for means of persuading them, on their own, to
liberalize their political system." Spreading democracy over the world, the
Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria, but the old corruption
continued despite all their power and money could do. Frustrated, the Americans
decided for the best of reasons, as always, to make a heavier move: "The
American Minister at Damascus decided to encourage a military coup-d'etat, so
that Syria might enjoy democracy," Kedourie writes. This was not considered
particularly bizarre; other American ambassadors and ministers in the Arab world
were entirely in favor of "genuine" revolution to overthrow old landowners, rich
crooks, and politicians. "What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers,
themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably
understood, approved, and legitimated the aims of such an elite. Whoever knows
the Middle East will agree that such a quest was the political equivalent of the
search for the philosophical stone." Failing in Syria, the Americans went to
work in Egypt. Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA "met a number of officers who were
involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July, 1952." The
Americans wanted the new regime to make the populace literate, to create "a
large and stable middle class a sufficient identification of local ideals and
values, so that truly indigenous democratic institutions could grow up." Gliding
into a new political realm, the Americans arranged for loans to the Egyptian
government. They believed that genuine democracy was now on its way. James
Eichelberger, a State Department political scientist who had been an account
executive for J Walter Thompson, one of the world's largest advertising and
public-relations firms, "was sent to Cairo where he talked with Nasser and his
confidants and produced a series of papers identifying the new government's
problems and recommending policies to deal with them." One of these papers,
written by Eichelberger himself, was translated into Arabic, "commented upon by
members of Nasser's staff, translated back into English for Eichelberger's
benefit." This document, called "Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government,"
went back-and-forth, according to Mr Copeland, "between English and Arabic until
a final version was produced. The final paper was passed off to the outside
world as the work of Zakaria Mohieddin, Nasser's most thoughtful (in Western
eyes), reasonable deputy, and accepted at face value by intelligence analysts of
the State Department, the C.I.A. and, presumably, similar agencies of other
governments." Who would have thought that a former American account executive
could write: "The police should be politisized, and should become, to whatever
extent necessary, a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government"?
This is Leninism, neat, with neither ice nor bitters. Or, "The nerve center of
the whole security system of a revolutionary state (or of any state) lies in a
secret body, the identity and very existence of which can be safely known only
to the head of the revolutionary government and to the fewest possible number of
other key leaders." It was Jefferson who said that the tree of liberty must
occasionally be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants. We must now
believe that the same romantic conviction has been alive somewhere in the
offices of J Walter Thompson. The United States is, after all, the prime
revolutionary country. Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client
to please and a job to do a pure professional? Or is there in the world by now a
natural understanding of revolution, of mass organization, cadres, police rule,
and secret executive bodies? This is a shocking suspicion. Of course the paper
written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the
purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was "to solve the pressing social and
political problems which made the revolution necessary." To solve problems, to
help, to befriend, to increase freedom. To strengthen America's position, and at
the same time to do good; to advance the cause of universal equality; to be the
illusionless tough guy on a world scale; to be a mover and shaker, a shaper of
destiny or perhaps, surrendering to fantasies of omnipotence, to be the
nation-making American plenipotentiary, at work behind the scenes and playing
confidently even with Bolshevik fire. And what problems were solved? Nasser
solved no problems. Mr Kedourie doubts that he needed "to call on the resources
of American political science for such lessons in tyranny? What does remain most
puzzling," he says, "is why it was thought that the imparting of such lessons
could advance the interests of the United States, or even contribute to the
welfare of the Egyptian people." For an American, the most intriguing question
is this: Whence the passion for social theory among these high functionaries of
the advertising world? How did executive types ever learn of such things?
Reading The Sound and the Fury last night, I came upon words in Compson's
thought that belonged to E E Cummings and the thirties, not to the year 1910.
"Land of the kike home of the wop," says Compson to himself when he buys a bun
from a small Italian girl. This I would have read without flinching in Chicago
but in Jerusalem I flinched and put the book down. Returning to it next day, I
found Faulkner guilty of no offense. It's possible that people at the turn of
the century were saying "land of the kike" and that Faulkner didn't borrow it
from Cummings. I had been telling Shahar when we were walking in the Gai-Hinnom
that I hadn't liked it when David Ben-Gurion on his visits to the United States
would call upon American Jews to give up their illusions about goyish democracy
and emigrate full speed to Israel. As if America's two-hundred-year record of
liberal democracy signified nothing. If Israel were governed as Egypt is, or
Syria, would I have come here at all? But then, to its more severe leftist
critics, some of them Jews, Israel is not the "democratic exception" it is said
to be. The New Left sees it as a reactionary small country. Its detractors tell
you how it abuses its Arab population and, to a lesser extent, Jewish immigrants
from North Africa and the Orient. It is occasionally denounced by some Israelis
as corrupt, "Levantine," theocratic. Gossip traces the worst of the Israeli
financial swindles to the most observant of Orthodox Jews. I am often told that
the old Ashkenazi leaders were unimaginative, that the new Rabin group lacks
stature, that Ben-Gurion was a terrible old guy but a true leader, that the
younger generation is hostile to North African and Asian Jews. These North
African and Oriental immigrants are blamed for bringing a baksheesh mentality to
Israel; the intellectuals are blamed for letting the quality of life (a
deplorable phrase) deteriorate. "We came here to build a just society. And what
happened immediately?" I speak of this to Shahar. He says to me, "Where there is
no paradox there is no life." In Jakov Lind's interesting brief book on Israel,
Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying, "The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that
might await them. Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if
they are mediocre." Jews do, it is well known, make inordinate demands upon
themselves and upon one another. Upon the world, too. I occasionally wonder
whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them. At times I suspect
that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity, and that it is
the persistency of the Jews that prevents it. I say this remembering that
Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth
century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity. And what
is it that has led the Jews to place themselves, after the greatest disaster of
their history, in a danger zone? "Wouldn't it be the most horrible of ironies if
the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second
Holocaust?" This is a thought that sometimes crosses Jewish minds. It is
accompanied by the further reflection (partly proud, mostly bitter) that we Jews
seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis. The Valley of
Jehosaphat, with its tombs. A narrow road, and on the slopes acres and acres of
stone. Caves, graves, litter, fallen rocks, and in tiny schoolrooms Arab boys
singing their lessons. Even in November the place is uncomfortably warm. The
Jordanians built a road over Jewish graves. The municipality of Jerusalem is
planning to build a new road and will tear the Jordanian one up. The Herodian
relics are all that relics should be columns distorted, well worked over by
time, Absalom's tomb with its bulbous roof and odd funnel tapering out of it.
The armies of the dead in all directions, interminable. A fine thing to obsess
yourself with, burial and lamentation and lying about under the walls of
Jerusalem waiting for the Messiah's trumpet to sound. a few Arab hens are
scratching up dust and pecking. Not a breakfast egg comes to the table that
isn't death-speckled. Parties of American girls come down the slope in their
dungarees, with sweaters tied by their sleeves about the waist. Above, to the
left, a Muslim cemetery. Everything reflects the significant event, for the
significant event is beyond question historical and political, not private. She
thinks that it is sly of me to deny this. Not to submit to what societies and
governments consider to be important. Stendhal's heroes, when they are in
prison, choose to think above love. E E Cummings, locked up by the French
government, finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace.
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys. Before he
died of cold, hunger, and exhaustion in Siberia, Osip Mandelstam recited his
poems to other convicts, at their request. Andrei Sinyavsky, in his prison
journal, concentrates on art. Perhaps to remain a poet in such circumstances is
also to reach the heart of politics. Then human feelings, human experience, the
human form and face, recover their proper place the foreground. My friend John
Auerbach comes up from Caesarea to see me. A kibbutznik seaman, he has just
returned from a voyage. I have known him for only a few years but he has become
a dear friend. I had been warned that as I grew older the difficulty of forming
new friendships would be great. On the contrary, I find it much easier now at
sixty to draw near to people. John looks too much the writer slight in person,
delicate to be a chief engineer. He does, however, hold an engineer's ticket and
can do complicated emergency repairs in mid-ocean. Boyish, bearded (the beard is
short and copper-brown), nervous, a bit high, thinner than when I saw him last,
he carries a cardboard valise containing books and booze and pyjamas and a house
present. He is delighted to be here, and he is suffering the one activates the
other. He is grieving for his son. Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare
unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he
was flying crashed. We embrace and then we go out of doors with a bottle to have
a drink and get some sun. Even on a sunny morning the stone buildings of
Jerusalem chill your hands and feet. Stepping out, I feel a bit numb, like a
wasp in autumn. We sit on a stone wall over the garden and drink aquavit. He
wants to talk. He loves books passionately, he wants to discuss American
literature, to hear marvelous things from me. But I can see that the big current
of his suffering has begun to run heavily. He has returned from a voyage, he is
out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab, he is drinking aquavit with a
dear friend, looking over at Mount Zion. But his son is dead. At sixteen John
escaped from the Warsaw ghetto, leaving behind his parents and his sister. They
were killed. Everyone was killed. John somehow obtained Polish seaman's papers,
and for several years he worked in the engine rooms of German freighters. When
the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus, joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam, married,
and had two children. His first wife died of cancer about ten years ago and he
has married again. He says, "I ask myself in what ways my life has not been
typical. For a Jew from Eastern Europe it has been completely typical war, death
of mother, death of father, death of sister, four years in disguise among the
Germans, death of wife, death of son. Thirty years of hard work, planting and
harvesting in the kibbutz. Nothing exceptional." John sails infrequently now. He
doesn't like the new huge tankers. Supermechanized, ultraefficient, they give
the crew no time in foreign ports. The cargo on the voyage from which he has
just returned was Dead Sea potash. They were to bring home Italian steel. North
of Naples they had bad weather and engine trouble, but they reached their harbor
and anchored near two Japanese ships. On the pilot's advice they were moved
farther into port by two tugs. Within five hours John had repaired the engines,
but the port officials claimed that the ship was incapacitated and demanded that
the captain post a twenty-thousand-dollar bond against expenses that might be
run up by his "crippled ship." True, the ship had had to be moved into its berth
by the tugs but it had been crippled only briefly. Well, this matter was in
dispute. The ship lay unloaded and demurrage fees mounted in brief, a holdup by
local racketeers. The same everywhere, now. Everybody has some con going, says
John, who loves American slang. The home office in Haifa was trying to get
protection from the insurance company. There were long days in port with nothing
to do. The town was covered in potash dust. Waiters and bartenders wiped dishes
and glasses continually. Brushing at dust was the commonest gesture in town. A
community of about twenty thousand people had traffic jams worthy of Rome, cars
as a matter of course rushing into the reserved bus lanes, screwing everything
up and honking madly. It all came to a panting standstill morning and evening
without fail. To get away from the traffic snarl you could climb a nearby
mountain and come down to a deserted beach, similar to the beach at Sdot Yam.
John and his dog, Mississippi, went there every day. The German tourists had
gone home, the bathing cabins were nailed shut. It was lovely, the small waves
coming in steadily. In little pangs, said John. Part of the American Sixth Fleet
was anchored nearby. The aircraft carrier John F Kennedy, with its helicopters,
reminded John of the death of his son. On shore leave they wear civilian
clothing now. This probably makes them less rowdy. One of the boys was from
Oklahoma, near Tulsa. He had heard of Israel, but only just, and he was not
especially interested. John was delighted by this. A clean young soul, he said.
Such ignorance was refreshing. The young sailor knew nothing about holocausts or
tanks in the desert or terrorist bombs. Back at sea, John had to stand double
watches in the engine room because he was shorthanded. Off duty, he read in his
cabin and chatted with his confidante, Mississippi. The crew said he was
drinking himself silly in his quarters. When the ship passed Stromboli at night,
there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors
wouldn't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon. But an owl
from the island, disturbed by the sparks, flew out to the ship and was
discovered next day on the mast. One of the young sailors carried it down. Then
an engine man from the Balkans said, "In our village we nailed owls to the
church door when we caught them." They shut the owl in the paint locker while
they debated what to do with it, and in the night John set it free. The bird
scratched his arm rather badly. "Go back to Stromboli, you dumb bastard," he
said. So it flew off and the ship continued on its foul way. It's the water
pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the
seas, says John. Before I left Chicago, the art critic Harold Rosenberg said to
me, "Going to Jerusalem? And wondering whether people will talk freely? You've
got to be kidding, they'll talk your head off." He spoke as a Jew to a Jew about
Jewish powers of speech. In flight, if the door of your plane comes open you are
sucked into space. Here in Jerusalem, when you shut your apartment door behind
you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition, argument, harangue,
analysis, theory, expostulation, threat, and prophecy. From diplomats you hear
cagey explanations; from responsible persons, cautious and grudging statements
rephrasing and amending your own questions; from parents and children, deadly
divisions; from friends who let themselves go, passionate speeches, raging
denunciation of Western Europe, of Russia, of America. I listen carefully,
closely, more closely than I've ever listened in my life, utterly attentive, but
I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea. The subject of all this
talk is, ultimately, survival the survival of the decent society created in
Israel within a few decades. At first this is hard to grasp because the setting
is so civilized. You are in a city like many another well, not quite, for
Jerusalem is the only ancient city I've ever seen whose antiquities are not on
display as relics but are in daily use. Still, the city is a modern city with
modern utilities. You shop in supermarkets, you say good morning to friends on
the telephone, you hear symphony orchestras on the radio. But suddenly the music
stops and a terrorist bomb is reported. A new explosion outside a coffee shop on
the Jaffa Road: six young people killed and thirty-eight more wounded. Uneasy,
you go out to your civilized dinner. Bombs are exploding everywhere. Dynamite
has just been thrown in London; the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a
West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute.
Yet here you sit at dinner with charming people in a dining room like any other.
You know that your hostess has lost a son; that her sister lost children in the
1973 war; That in this Jerusalem street, coolly sweet with night flowers and
dark green under the lamps, many other families have lost children. And on the
Jaffa Road, because of another bomb, six adolescents two on a break from night
school stopping at a coffee shop to eat buns, have just died. But in the
domestic ceremony of passed dishes and filled glasses thoughts of a destructive
enemy are hard to grasp. What you do know is that there is one fact of Jewish
life unchanged by the creation of a Jewish state: you can not take your right to
live for granted. Others can; you can not. This is not to say that everyone else
is living pleasantly and well under a decent regime. No, it means only that the
Jews, because they are Jews, have never been able to take the right to live as a
natural right. To be sure, many Israelis refuse to admit that this historic
uneasiness has not been eliminated. They seem to think of themselves as a fixed
power, immovable. Their point has been made. 

The Nellie, a cruising yawl, swung to her anchor without a flutter of the sails,
and was at rest. The flood had made, the wind was nearly calm, and being bound
down the river, the only thing for it was to come to and wait for the turn of
the tide. The sea-reach of the Thames stretched before us like the beginning of
an interminable waterway. In the offing the sea and the sky were welded together
without a joint, and in the luminous space the tanned sails of the barges
drifting up with the tide seemed to stand still in red clusters of canvas
sharply peaked, with gleams of varnished sprits. A haze rested on the low shores
that ran out to sea in vanishing flatness. The air was dark above Gravesend, and
farther back still seemed condensed into a mournful gloom, brooding motionless
over the biggest, and the greatest, town on earth. The Director of Companies was
our captain and our host. We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in
the bows looking to seaward. On the whole river there was nothing that looked
half so nautical. He resembled a pilot, which to a seaman is trustworthiness
personified. It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the
luminous estuary, but behind him, within the brooding gloom. Between us there
was, as I have already said somewhere, the bond of the sea. Besides holding our
hearts together through long periods of separation, it had the effect of making
us tolerant of each other's yarns â€“ and even convictions. The Lawyer â€“ the best
of old fellows â€“ had, because of his many years and many virtues, the only
cushion on deck, and was lying on the only rug. The Accountant had brought out
already a box of dominoes, and was toying architecturally with the bones. Marlow
sat cross-legged right aft, leaning against the mizzen-mast. He had sunken
cheeks, a yellow complexion, a straight back, an ascetic aspect, and, with his
arms dropped, the palms of hands outwards, resembled an idol. The Director,
satisfied the anchor had good hold, made his way aft and sat down amongst us. We
exchanged a few words lazily. Afterwards there was silence on board the yacht.
For some reason or other we did not begin that game of dominoes. We felt
meditative, and fit for nothing but placid staring. The day was ending in a
serenity of still and exquisite brilliance. The water shone pacifically; the
sky, without a speck, was a benign immensity of unstained light; the very mist
on the Essex marshes was like a gauzy and radiant fabric, hung from the wooded
rises inland, and draping the low shores in diaphanous folds. Only the gloom to
the west, brooding over the upper reaches, became more somber every minute, as
if angered by the approach of the sun. And at last, in its curved and
imperceptible fall, the sun sank low, and from glowing white changed to a dull
red without rays and without heat, as if about to go out suddenly, stricken to
death by the touch of that gloom brooding over a crowd of men. Forthwith a
change came over the waters, and the serenity became less brilliant but more
profound. The old river in its broad reach rested unruffled at the decline of
day, after ages of good service done to the race that peopled its banks, spread
out in the tranquil dignity of a waterway leading to the uttermost ends of the
earth. We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day
that comes and departs for ever, but in the august light of abiding memories.
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has, as the phrase goes, followed the
sea with reverence and affection, than to evoke the great spirit of the past
upon the lower reaches of the Thames. The tidal current runs to and fro in its
unceasing service, crowded with memories of men and ships it had borne to the
rest of home or to the battles of the sea. It had known and served all the men
of whom the nation is proud, from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin,
knights all, titled and untitled â€“ the great knights-errant of the sea. It had
borne all the ships whose names are like jewels flashing in the night of time,
from the Golden Hind returning with her round flanks full of treasure, to be
visited by the Queen's Highness and thus pass out of the gigantic tale, to the
Erebus and Terror, bound on other conquests â€“ and that never returned. It had
known the ships and the men. They had sailed from Deptford, from Greenwich, from
Erith â€“ the adventurers and the settlers; kings' ships and the ships of men on
Change; captains, admirals, the dark "interlopers" of the Eastern trade, and the
commissioned "generals" of East India fleets. Hunters for gold or pursuers of
fame, they all had gone out on that stream, bearing the sword, and often the
torch, messengers of the might within the land, bearers of a spark from the
sacred fire. What greatness had not floated on the ebb of that river into the
mystery of an unknown earth!... The dreams of men, the seed of commonwealths,
the germs of empires. The sun set; the dusk fell on the stream, and lights began
to appear along the shore. The Chapman lighthouse, a three-legged thing erect on
a mud-flat, shone strongly. Lights of ships moved in the fairway â€“ a great stir
of lights going up and going down. And farther west on the upper reaches the
place of the monstrous town was still marked ominously on the sky, a brooding
gloom in sunshine, a lurid glare under the stars. And this also, said Marlow
suddenly, has been one of the dark places of the earth. He was the only man of
us who still followed the sea. The worst that could be said of him was that he
did not represent his class. He was a seaman, but he was a wanderer, too, while
most seamen lead, if one may so express it, a sedentary life. Their minds are of
the stay-at-home order, and their home is always with them â€“ the ship; and so is
their country â€“ the sea. One ship is very much like another, and the sea is
always the same. In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores,
the foreign faces, the changing immensity of life, glide past, veiled not by a
sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance; for there is nothing
mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself, which is the mistress of his
existence and as inscrutable as Destiny. For the rest, after his hours of work,
a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret
of a whole continent, and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing. The
yarns of seamen have a direct simplicity, the whole meaning of which lies within
the shell of a cracked nut. But Marlow was not typical (if his propensity to
spin yarns be excepted), and to him the meaning of an episode was not inside
like a kernel but outside, enveloping the tale which brought it out only as a
glow brings out a haze, in the likeness of one of these misty halos that
sometimes are made visible by the spectral illumination of moonshine. His remark
did not seem at all surprising. It was just like Marlow. It was accepted in
silence. No one took the trouble to grunt even; and presently he said, very slow
â€“ I was thinking of very old times, when the Romans first came here, nineteen
hundred years ago â€“ the other day.... Light came out of this river since â€“ you
say Knights? Yes; but it is like a running blaze on a plain, like a flash of
lightning in the clouds. We live in the flicker â€“ may it last as long as the old
earth keeps rolling! But darkness was here yesterday. Imagine the feelings of a
commander of a fine â€“ what'd 'ye call 'em? â€“ trireme in the Mediterranean,
ordered suddenly to the north; run overland across the Gauls in a hurry; put in
charge of one of these craft the legionaries, â€“ a wonderful lot of handy men
they must have been too â€“ used to build, apparently by the hundred, in a month
or two, if we may believe what we read. Imagine him here â€“ the very end of the
world, a sea the color of lead, a sky the color of smoke, a kind of ship about
as rigid as a concertina â€“ and going up this river with stores, or orders, or
what you like. Sandbanks, marshes, forests, savages, â€“ precious little to eat
fit for a civilized man, nothing but Thames water to drink. No Falernian wine
here, no going ashore. Here and there a military camp lost in a wilderness, like
a needle in a bundle of hay â€“ cold, fog, tempests, disease, exile, and death, â€“
death skulking in the air, in the water, in the bush. They must have been dying
like flies here. Oh yes â€“ he did it. Did it very well, too, no doubt, and
without thinking much about it either, except afterwards to brag of what he had
gone through in his time, perhaps. They were men enough to face the darkness.
And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the
fleet at Ravenna by-and-by, if he had good friends in Rome and survived the
awful climate. Or think of a decent young citizen in a toga â€“ perhaps too much
dice, you know â€“ coming out here in the train of some prefect, or tax-gatherer,
or trader even, to mend his fortunes. Land in a swamp, march through the woods,
and in some inland post feel the savagery, the utter savagery, had closed round
him, â€“ all that mysterious life of the wilderness that stirs in the forest, in
the jungles, in the hearts of wild men. There's no initiation either into such
mysteries. He has to live in the midst of the incomprehensible, which is also
detestable. And it has a fascination, too, that goes to work upon him. The
fascination of the abomination â€“ you know. Imagine the growing regrets, the
longing to escape, the powerless disgust, the surrender, the hate. He paused.
Mind, he began again, lifting one arm from the elbow, the palm of the hand
outwards, so that, with his legs folded before him, he had the pose of a Buddha
preaching in European clothes and without a lotus-flower â€“ Mind, none of us
would feel exactly like this. What saves us is efficiency â€“ the devotion to
efficiency. But these chaps were not much account, really. They were no
colonists; their administration was merely a squeeze, and nothing more, I
suspect. They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force â€“ nothing
to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising
from the weakness of others. They grabbed what they could get for the sake of
what was to be got. It was just robbery with violence, aggravated murder on a
great scale, and men going at it blind â€“ as is very proper for those who tackle
a darkness. The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away
from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than
ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much. What redeems it
is the idea only. An idea at the back of it; not a sentimental pretense but an
idea; and an unselfish belief in the idea â€“ something you can set up, and bow
down before, and offer a sacrifice to.... He broke off. Flames glided in the
river, small green flames, red flames, white flames, pursuing, overtaking,
joining, crossing each other â€“ then separating slowly or hastily. The traffic of
the great city went on in the deepening night upon the sleepless river. We
looked on, waiting patiently â€“ there was nothing else to do till the end of the
flood; but it was only after a long silence, when he said, in a hesitating
voice, I suppose you fellows remember I did once turn fresh-water sailor for a
bit, that we knew we were fated, before the ebb began to run, to hear about one
of Marlow's inconclusive experiences. I don't want to bother you much with what
happened to me personally he began, showing in this remark the weakness of many
tellers of tales who seem so often unaware of what their audience would best
like to hear; yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I
got out there, what I saw, how I went up that river to the place where I first
met the poor chap. It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating
point of my experience. It seemed somehow to throw a kind of light on everything
about me â€“ and into my thoughts. It was somber enough too â€“ and pitiful â€“ not
extraordinary in any way â€“ not very clear either. No, not very clear. And yet it
seemed to throw a kind of light. I had then, as you remember, just returned to
London after a lot of Indian Ocean, Pacific, China Seas â€“ a regular dose of the
East â€“ six years or so, and I was loafing about, hindering you fellows in your
work and invading your homes, just as though I had got a heavenly mission to
civilize you. It was very fine for a time, but after a bit I did get tired of
resting. Then I began to look for a ship â€“ I should think the hardest work on
earth. But the ships wouldn't even look at me. And I got tired of that game too.
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps. I would look for hours at
South America, or Africa, or Australia, and lose myself in all the glories of
exploration. At that time there were many blank spaces on the earth, and when I
saw one that looked particularly inviting on a map (but they all look that) I
would put my finger on it and say, 'When I grow up I will go there.' The North
Pole was one of these places, I remember. Well, I haven't been there yet, and
shall not try now. The glamour's off. Other places were scattered about the
Equator, and in every sort of latitude all over the two hemispheres. I have been
in some of them, and... well, we won't talk about that. But there was one yet â€“
the biggest, the most blank, so to speak â€“ that I had a hankering after. True,
by this time it was not a blank space any more. It had got filled since my
boyhood with rivers and lakes and names. It had ceased to be a blank space of
delightful mystery â€“ a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over. It had
become a place of darkness. But there was in it one river especially, a mighty
big river, that you could see on the map, resembling an immense snake uncoiled,
with its head in the sea, its body at rest curving afar over a vast country, and
its tail lost in the depths of the land. And as I looked at the map of it in a
shop-window, it fascinated me as a snake would a bird â€“ a silly little bird.
Then I remembered there was a big concern, a Company for trade on that river.
Dash it all! I thought to myself, they can't trade without using some kind of
craft on that lot of fresh water â€“ steamboats! Why shouldn't I try to get charge
of one? I went on along Fleet Street, but could not shake off the idea. The
snake had charmed me. You understand it was a Continental concern, that Trading
society; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent, because it's
cheap and not so nasty as it looks, they say. I ventured to hint that the
Company was run for profit. You forget, dear Charlie, that the laborer is worthy
of his hire, she said, brightly. It's queer how out of touch with truth women
are. They live in a world of their own, and there had never been anything like
it, and never can be. It is too beautiful altogether, and if they were to set it
up it would go to pieces before the first sunset. Some confounded fact we men
have been living contentedly with ever since the day of creation would start up
and knock the whole thing over. After this I got embraced, told to wear flannel,
be sure to write often, and so on â€“ and I left. In the street â€“ I don't know why
â€“ a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor. Odd thing that I, who used
to clear out for any part of the world at twenty-four hours' notice, with less
thought than most men give to the crossing of a street, had a moment â€“ I won't
say of hesitation, but of startled pause, before this commonplace affair. The
best way I can explain it to you is by saying that, for a second or two, I felt
as though, instead of going to the center of a continent, I were about to set
off for the center of the earth. I left in a French steamer, and she called in
every blamed port they have out there, for, as far as I could see, the sole
purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers. I watched the coast.
Watching a coast as it slips by the ship is like thinking about an enigma. There
it is before you â€“ smiling, frowning, inviting, grand, mean, insipid, or savage,
and always mute with an air of whispering,' Come and find out. 'This one was
almost featureless, as if still in the making, with an aspect of monotonous
grimness. The edge of a colossal jungle, so dark-green as to be almost black,
fringed with white surf, ran straight, like a ruled line, far, far away along a
blue sea whose glitter was blurred by a creeping mist. The sun was fierce, the
land seemed to glisten and drip with steam. Here and there grayish-whitish
specks showed up, clustered inside the white surf, with a flag flying above them
perhaps. Settlements some centuries old, and still no bigger than pin-heads on
the untouched expanse of their background. We pounded along, stopped, landed
soldiers; went on, landed custom-house clerks to levy toll in what looked like a
God-forsaken wilderness, with a tin shed and a flag-pole lost in it; landed more
soldiers â€“ to take care of the custom-house clerks, presumably. Some, I heard,
got drowned in the surf; but whether they did or not, nobody seemed particularly
to care. They were just flung out there, and on we went. Every day the coast
looked the same, as though we had not moved; but we passed various places â€“
trading places â€“ with names like Gran' Bassam Little Popo, names that seemed to
belong to some sordid farce acted in front of a sinister backcloth. The idleness
of a passenger, my isolation amongst all these men with whom I had no point of
contact, the oily and languid sea, the uniform somberness of the coast, seemed
to keep me away from the truth of things, within the toil of a mournful and
senseless delusion. The voice of the surf heard now and then was a positive
pleasure, like the speech of a brother. It was something natural, that had its
reason, that had a meaning. Now and then a boat from the shore gave one a
momentary contact with reality. It was paddled by black fellows. You could see
from afar the white of their eyeballs glistening. They shouted, sang; their
bodies streamed with perspiration; they had faces like grotesque masks â€“ these
chaps; but they had bone, muscle, a wild vitality, an intense energy of
movement, that was as natural and true as the surf along their coast. They
wanted no excuse for being there. They were a great comfort to look at. For a
time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts; but the
feeling would not last long. Something would turn up to scare it away. Once, I
remember, we came upon a man-of-war anchored off the coast. There wasn't even a
shed there, and she was shelling the bush. It appears the French had one of
their wars going on thereabouts. Her ensign dropped limp like a rag; the muzzles
of the long eight-inch guns stuck out all over the low hull; the greasy, slimy
swell swung her up lazily and let her down, swaying her thin masts. In the empty
immensity of earth, sky, and water, there she was, incomprehensible, firing into
a continent. Pop, would go one of the eight-inch guns; a small flame would dart
and vanish, a little white smoke would disappear, a tiny projectile would give a
feeble screech â€“ and nothing happened. Nothing could happen. There was a touch
of insanity in the proceeding, a sense of lugubrious drollery in the sight; and
it was not dissipated by somebody on board assuring me earnestly there was a
camp of natives â€“ he called them enemies! â€“ hidden out of sight somewhere. We
gave her her letters (I heard the men in that lonely ship were dying of fever at
the rate of three a day) and went on. We called at some more places with
farcical names, where the merry dance of death and trade goes on in a still and
earthy atmosphere as of an overheated catacomb; all along the formless coast
bordered by dangerous surf, as if Nature herself had tried to ward off
intruders; in and out of rivers, streams of death in life, whose banks were
rotting into mud, whose waters, thickened into slime, invaded the contorted
mangroves, that seemed to writhe at us in the extremity of an impotent despair.
Nowhere did we stop long enough to get a particularized impression, but the
general sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me. It was like a weary
pilgrimage amongst hints for nightmares. It was upward of thirty days before I
saw the mouth of the big river. We anchored off the seat of the government. But
my work would not begin till some two hundred miles farther on. So as soon as I
could I made a start for a place thirty miles higher up. I had my passage on a
little sea-going steamer. Her captain was a Swede, and knowing me for a seaman,
invited me on the bridge. He was a young man, lean, fair, and morose, with lanky
hair and a shuffling gait. As we left the miserable little wharf, he tossed his
head contemptuously at the shore. Been living there? he asked. I said, Yes. Fine
lot these government chaps â€“ are they not? he went on, speaking English with
great precision and considerable bitterness. It is funny what some people will
do for a few francs a month. I wonder what becomes of that kind when it goes up
country? I said to him I expected to see that soon. So-o-o! he exclaimed. He
shuffled athwart, keeping one eye ahead vigilantly. Don't be too sure, he
continued. The other day I took up a man who hanged himself on the road. He was
a Swede, too. Hanged himself! Why, in God's name? I cried. He kept on looking
out watchfully. Who knows? The sun too much for him, or the country perhaps. At
last we opened a reach. A rocky cliff appeared, mounds of turned-up earth by the
shore, houses on a hill, others, with iron roofs, amongst a waste of
excavations, or hanging to the declivity. A continuous noise of the rapids above
hovered over this scene of inhabited devastation. A lot of people, mostly black
and naked, moved about like ants. A jetty projected into the river. A blinding
sunlight drowned all this at times in a sudden recrudescence of glare. There's
your Company's station, said the Swede, pointing to three wooden barrack-like
structures on the rocky slope. 'I will send your things up. Four boxes did you
say? So. Farewell. 'I came upon a boiler wallowing in the grass, then found a
path leading up the hill. It turned aside for the bowlders, and also for an
undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air. One
was off. The thing looked as dead as the carcass of some animal. I came upon
more pieces of decaying machinery, a stack of rusty rails. To the left a clump
of trees made a shady spot, where dark things seemed to stir feebly. I blinked,
the path was steep. A horn tooted to the right, and I saw the black people run.
A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground, a puff of smoke came out of the
cliff, and that was all. No change appeared on the face of the rock. They were
building a railway. The cliff was not in the way or anything; but this
objectless blasting was all the work going on. A slight clinking behind me made
me turn my head. Six black men advanced in a file, toiling up the path. They
walked erect and slow, balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads, and
the clink kept time with their footsteps. Black rags were wound round their
loins, and the short ends behind wagged to and fro like tails. I could see every
rib, the joints of their limbs were like knots in a rope; each had an iron
collar on his neck, and all were connected together with a chain whose bights
swung between them, rhythmically clinking. Another report from the cliff made me
think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent. It was
the same kind of ominous voice; but these men could by no stretch of imagination
be called enemies. They were called criminals, and the outraged law, like the
bursting shells, had come to them, an insoluble mystery from over the sea. All
their meager breasts panted together, the violently dilated nostrils quivered,
the eyes stared stonily uphill. They passed me within six inches, without a
glance, with that complete, deathlike indifference of unhappy savages. Behind
this raw matter one of the reclaimed, the product of the new forces at work,
strolled despondently, carrying a rifle by its middle. He had a uniform jacket
with one button off, and seeing a white man on the path, hoisted his weapon to
his shoulder with alacrity. This was simple prudence, white men being so much
alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be. He was speedily
reassured, and with a large, white, rascally grin, and a glance at his charge,
seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust. After all, I also was a
part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings. Instead of going up,
I turned and descended to the left. My idea was to let that chain-gang get out
of sight before I climbed the hill. You know I am not particularly tender; I've
had to strike and to fend off. I've had to resist and to attack sometimes â€“
that's only one way of resisting â€“ without counting the exact cost, according to
the demands of such sort of life as I had blundered into. I've seen the devil of
violence, and the devil of greed, and the devil of hot desire; but, by all the
stars! these were strong, lusty, red-eyed devils, that swayed and drove men â€“
men, I tell you. But as I stood on this hillside, I foresaw that in the blinding
sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby, pretending,
weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly. How insidious he could be,
too, I was only to find out several months later and a thousand miles farther.
For a moment I stood appalled, as though by a warning. Finally I descended the
hill, obliquely, towards the trees I had seen. I avoided a vast artificial hole
somebody had been digging on the slope, the purpose of which I found it
impossible to divine. It wasn't a quarry or a sandpit, anyhow. It was just a
hole. It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the
criminals something to do. I don't know. Then I nearly fell into a very narrow
ravine, almost no more than a scar in the hillside. I discovered that a lot of
imported drainage-pipes for the settlement had been tumbled in there. There
wasn't one that was not broken. It was a wanton smash-up. at last I got under
the trees. My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment; but no sooner
within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno.
The rapids were near, and an uninterrupted, uniform, headlong, rushing noise
filled the mournful stillness of the grove, where not a breath stirred, not a
leaf moved, with a mysterious sound â€“ as though the tearing pace of the launched
earth had suddenly become audible. Black shapes crouched, lay, sat between the
trees, leaning against the trunks, clinging to the earth, half coming out, half
effaced within the dim light, in all the attitudes of pain, abandonment, and
despair. He is waiting! 'I did not see the real significance of that wreck at
once. I fancy I see it now, but I am not sure â€“ not at all. Certainly the affair
was too stupid â€“ when I think of it â€“ to be altogether natural. Still.... But at
the moment it presented itself simply as a confounded nuisance. The steamer was
sunk. They had started two days before in a sudden hurry up the river with the
manager on board, in charge of some volunteer skipper, and before they had been
out three hours they tore the bottom out of her on stones, and she sank near the
south bank. I asked myself what I was to do there, now my boat was lost. As a
matter of fact, I had plenty to do in fishing my command out of the river. I had
to set about it the very next day. That, and the repairs when I brought the
pieces to the station, took some months. My first interview with the manager was
curious. He did not ask me to sit down after my twenty-mile walk that morning.
He was commonplace in complexion, in features, in manners, and in voice. He was
of middle size and of ordinary build. His eyes, of the usual blue, were perhaps
remarkably cold, and he certainly could make his glance fall on one as trenchant
and heavy as an axe. But even at these times the rest of his person seemed to
disclaim the intention. Otherwise there was only an indefinable, faint
expression of his lips, something stealthy â€“ a smile â€“ not a smile â€“ I remember
it, but I can't explain. It was unconscious, this smile was, though just after
he had said something it got intensified for an instant. It came at the end of
his speeches like a seal applied on the words to make the meaning of the
commonest phrase appear absolutely inscrutable. He was a common trader, from his
youth up employed in these parts â€“ nothing more. He was obeyed, yet he inspired
neither love nor fear, nor even respect. He inspired uneasiness. That was it!
Uneasiness. Not a definite mistrust â€“ just uneasiness â€“ nothing more. You have
no idea how effective such a... a... faculty can be. He had no genius for
organizing, for initiative, or for order even. That was evident in such things
as the deplorable state of the station. He had no learning, and no intelligence.
His position had come to him â€“ why? Perhaps because he was never ill... He had
served three terms of three years out there... Because triumphant health in the
general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself. When he went home on
leave he rioted on a large scale â€“ pompously. Jack ashore â€“ with a difference â€“
in externals only. This one could gather from his casual talk. He originated
nothing, he could keep the routine going â€“ that's all. But he was great. He was
great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control
such a man. He never gave that secret away. Perhaps there was nothing within
him. Such a suspicion made one pause â€“ for out there there were no external
checks. Once when various tropical diseases had laid low almost every agent in
the station, he was heard to say, 'Men who come out here should have no
entrails. 'He sealed the utterance with that smile of his, as though it had been
a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping. You fancied you had seen
things â€“ but the seal was on. When annoyed at meal-times by the constant
quarrels of the white men about precedence, he ordered an immense round table to
be made, for which a special house had to be built. This was the station's
mess-room. Where he sat was the first place â€“ the rest were nowhere. One felt
this to be his unalterable conviction. He was neither civil nor uncivil. He was
quiet. He allowed his boy â€“ an overfed young negro from the coast â€“ to treat the
white men, under his very eyes, with provoking insolence. He began to speak as
soon as he saw me. I had been very long on the road. He could not wait. Had to
start without me. The up-river stations had to be relieved. There had been so
many delays already that he did not know who was dead and who was alive, and how
they got on â€“ and so on, and so on. He paid no attention to my explanations,
and, playing with a stick of sealing-wax, repeated several times that the
situation was 'very grave, very grave. 'There were rumors that a very important
station was in jeopardy, and its chief, Mr. Kurtz, was ill. Hoped it was not
true. Mr. Kurtz was... I felt weary and irritable. Hang Kurtz, I thought. I
interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast. 'Ah! So they
talk of him down there, he murmured to himself. Then he began again, assuring me
Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had, an exceptional man, of the greatest
importance to the Company; therefore I could understand his anxiety. He was, he
said, 'very, very uneasy. 'Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal,
exclaimed, 'Ah, Mr. Kurtz!' broke the stick of sealing-wax and seemed
dumbfounded by the accident. Next thing he wanted to know 'how long it would
take to' ... I interrupted him again. Being hungry, you know, and kept on my
feet too, I was getting savage. 'How could I tell, I said.' I hadn't even seen
the wreck yet â€“ some months, no doubt. All this talk seemed to me so futile.
Some months, he said. 'Well, let us say three months before we can make a start.
Yes. That ought to do the affair. I flung out of his hut (he lived all alone in
a clay hut with a sort of veranda) muttering to myself my opinion of him. He was
a chattering idiot. Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me
startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the
'affair.' I went to work the next day, turning, so to speak, my back on that
station. In that way only it seemed to me I could keep my hold on the redeeming
facts of life. Still, one must look about sometimes; and then I saw this
station, these men strolling aimlessly about in the sunshine of the yard. I
asked myself sometimes what it all meant. They wandered here and there with
their absurd long staves in their hands, like a lot of faithless pilgrims
bewitched inside a rotten fence. The word 'ivory' rang in the air, was
whispered, was sighed. You would think they were praying to it. A taint of
imbecile rapacity blew through it all, like a whiff from some corpse. By Jove!
I've never seen anything so unreal in my life. And outside, the silent
wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something
great and invincible, like evil or truth, waiting patiently for the passing away
of this fantastic invasion. Oh, these months! Well, never mind. Various things
happened. One evening a grass shed full of calico, cotton prints, beads, and I
don't know what else, burst into a blaze so suddenly that you would have thought
the earth had opened to let an avenging fire consume all that trash. I was
smoking my pipe quietly by my dismantled steamer, and saw them all cutting
capers in the light, with their arms lifted high, when the stout man with
mustaches came tearing down to the river, a tin pail in his hand, assured me
that everybody was 'behaving splendidly, splendidly,' dipped about a quart of
water and tore back again. I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail.
I strolled up. There was no hurry. You see the thing had gone off like a box of
matches. It had been hopeless from the very first. The flame had leaped high,
driven everybody back, lighted up everything â€“ and collapsed. The shed was
already a heap of embers glowing fiercely. A nigger was being beaten near by.
They said he had caused the fire in some way; be that as it may, he was
screeching most horribly. I saw him, later on, for several days, sitting in a
bit of shade looking very sick and trying to recover himself: afterwards he
arose and went out â€“ and the wilderness without a sound took him into its bosom
again. As I approached the glow from the dark I found myself at the back of two
men, talking. I heard the name of Kurtz pronounced, then the words, 'take
advantage of this unfortunate accident.' One of the men was the manager. I
wished him a good evening. Did you ever see anything like it â€“ eh? it is
incredible, he said, and walked off. The other man remained. He was a
first-class agent, young, gentlemanly, a bit reserved, with a forked little
beard and a hooked nose. He was stand-offish with the other agents, and they on
their side said he was the manager's spy upon them. As to me, I had hardly ever
spoken to him before. We got into talk, and by-and-by we strolled away from the
hissing ruins. Then he asked me to his room, which was in the main building of
the station. He struck a match, and I perceived that this young aristocrat had
not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself.
Just at that time the manager was the only man supposed to have any right to
candles. Native mats covered the clay walls; a collection of spears, assegais,
shields, knives was hung up in trophies. The business intrusted to this fellow
was the making of bricks â€“ so I had been informed; but there wasn't a fragment
of a brick anywhere in the station, and he had been there more than a year â€“
waiting. It seems he could not make bricks without something, I don't know what
â€“ straw maybe. Anyways, it could not be found there, and as it was not likely to
be sent from Europe, it did not appear clear to me what he was waiting for. An
act of special creation perhaps. However, they were all waiting â€“ all the
sixteen or twenty pilgrims of them â€“ for something; and upon my word it did not
seem an uncongenial occupation, from the way they took it, though the only thing
that ever came to them was disease â€“ as far as I could see. They beguiled the
time by backbiting and intriguing against each other in a foolish kind of way.
There was an air of plotting about that station, but nothing came of it, of
course. It was as unreal as everything else â€“ as the philanthropic pretense of
the whole concern, as their talk, as their government, as their show of work.
The only real feeling was a desire to get appointed to a trading-post where
ivory was to be had, so that they could earn percentages. They intrigued and
slandered and hated each other only on that account, â€“ but as to effectually
lifting a little finger â€“ oh, no. By heavens! there is something after all in
the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a
halter. Steal a horse straight out. Very well. He has done it. Perhaps he can
ride. But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most
charitable of saints into a kick. 

From this standpoint, the evaluation of the implementation of the budget may
take on a dimension that overrides matters of detail. Errors of legality and
regularity are increasing too. The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon. The
main importance of this agreement lies, I think, in its political nature. The
Council is extremely concerned at the latest developments in the Middle Eastern
peace process. Otherwise we will find ourselves forced to take more serious
decisions as regards our trading relations with Israel. Ojala recommendation for
second reading (A4-0072/97) British Conservatives also believe that the
Commission is wrong to bring forward this proposal in the name of the European
Single Market. Within the European Union, resale right exists in the legislation
of eleven Member States, but it is only really applied in eight. This report is
no exception. There are several reasons for this. The European Commission
maintains that everything depends on supply. For the longer term, the
preparatory mission recommended economic and financial aid to Albania. Greece,
Italy, France, Spain and Austria, have understood that something has to be done
and now have a presence in Albania. The European Union is not a military
organization. Many aspects of the transition have already been successfully
debated and worked out, for example continuity in Kong's civil service. The
European Union's economic interests in Hong-Kong are both large in scale and
deep-rooted. I assure the House firmly that Hong-Kong will not slip from our
sights in the Commission. An unsuccessful transition will equally damage us all.
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law
on Hong-Kong. Let us say there has been an attempt to put technical make-up on
the political face. That is the line taken in the reports before you today. We
know that the refiners already have refineries producing clean diesel, but not
for Europe. For the United States and Japan. It is precisely when engines are
claimed to be environment-friendly because they consume less fuel that we can
not make any exceptions. It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to
be done at Community level in terms of employment policy. Subject: The cost of
enlargement Everyone knows that it is politically impossible to turn to the
Member States and ask for an increase in the Membership fee. The sum of 12
million ECU has been made available for possible initiatives agreed with Cyprus
for projects to promote confidence-building measures. Naturally, the Turkish
Cypriots will have a place in the representation of the lawful and
internationally recognized government of Cyprus. Question No-6 by Mr Pirker
(H-0218/97) Subject: Europol No major obstacles to ratification have been
reported. How long will the transitional period be following Polish accession in
the case of the free movement of persons? This procedure guarantees that all
countries applying for membership are treated equally. I would remind you that
the negotiations with Spain and Portugal lasted seven years. This appears to be
the case with the events which Mr Lomas reports in his question. These
statements are widely reported in the press. Even civil servants at national and
local government level in Britain are not allowed to get involved in
electioneering as the Commissioners are doing. Do you not think some of them,
not all, are getting too big for their boots. Also adopted was Directive 96/23
on supervisory measures for implementing this tougher policy. Subject: The EU as
an association of free and independent States If I understand the interpreting
correctly it seems that Mr SjÃ¶stedt himself believes that national constitutions
are more important than Community law. Question No-15 by Mr Medina Ortega
(H-0237/97) It will also give us a future in the two very important industries
that we can not ignore and ensure Europe's future prosperity. Also, some serious
targets must now finally be set for the car industry. We have done considerable
research before coming to the conclusions before us tonight. STOA, to produce
for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential. Secondly, in any
case, they have to refurbish and invest in their refineries continuously. The
rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm, which would also involve
excessive cost without appreciable benefit. The fiscal advantages for clean
vehicles could then be introduced some two years before the new standards take
effect. It emerged from the hearing that the sulphur content, in particular, of
both petrol and diesel could be much lower. A further nine percent can be
eliminated over the next eight years, at a reasonable cost. Madam President,
there are only two ways to improve air quality. But two groups are in
confrontation. We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would
sound a note of warning. The car concept has got off to a good start. What was
the actual driving force behind this programme? We will change this programme so
that the driving force behind it is the future and innovation. In the proposal
for a directive, summer begins on 1 April and ends on 30 September. The report
contains a number of proposals for tax concessions which many other speakers
have mentioned in this evening's debate. For that reason the Commission believes
that it is still too early to fix limit values for fuel quality for the year
2005. These are Amendments Nos 22, 23, 37 and 38. The Commission has proposed
fuel specifications for the year 2000. Madam President, there has clearly been a
misunderstanding. The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon. And the national
judges frequently have difficulty in understanding and applying the concept of
indirect discrimination. The directive codifies the case law of the Court of
Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied. British women too are
entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe. She has
already spoken on the subject, and other colleagues will be doing so as well.
What is being asked of small employers here is very difficult. All of us as MEPs
are small employers too. in order to bring immediate results it will also be
necessary to have constant monitoring of the implementation of the directive.
The problems caused by the absence of transparency are particularly severe. As a
final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in
place. Shared responsibilities, both at work and in the family mean a better
quality of life for both men and women. That was also mentioned by Mrs
Oomen-Ruijten and Mrs Glase. The Minutes of the part-session of Thursday 29 May
1997 have been distributed. Why do I raise the matter? I give the floor to Mrs
Green. Thursday does not seem like a good idea. Mr President, my report also
concerns agriculture, bee-keeping to be precise. In other words, not your
report. Petitions 1996-1997 Citizens take their right to petition seriously.
Sadly my report is not all plaudits. I wonder whether they are in the debate
this evening. In that case, the matter turns out to be a national problem after
all. It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions.
So it is essential that we activate this right fully. He won a case against the
Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them.
Thank you very much, Commissioner. We have shown that the future of the
audio-visual industry is a debate which crosses all political and national
boundaries. We must be able to create and see our own stories, be it Inspector
Morse or Derrick. We can not accept that situation. The first reading provided a
remedy. As far as I know, Madam President, lies are not accepted in any
parliament. Copyright and the EU's principle of free competition should be taken
into account in the televising of sports as of other events. Which will be seen
and which not? Thanks to all this it will now be more difficult for public and
private broadcasters to ignore the rules contained in the directive. For
European citizens, it ensures that the public interest is taken into
consideration, which is so important to their daily lives. Thank you very much,
Commissioner. Our fellow citizens' days and nights are becoming increasingly
noisy. Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint. No
doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the
competence of the Union. And this is one of the oldest pieces of environmental
legislation that we have in Europe. I am thinking here of airport zones,
high-speed trains and major motorways. This refusal can be interpreted as
indirect encouragement of the impunity and immunity of the terrorists of
yesterday, today and tomorrow. Resignation of a Vice-President The next item is
the order of business. I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen's report has been
added to the agenda for Tuesday. I hope she will take note of this, because it
is an important point. (The President cut off the speaker) The next item is the
joint debate on the following statement and oral question: For this reason, the
initiative of the Commission is worthy of our congratulations. My group, the
Liberal group, is presently focusing its attention on non-European Union
nationals. They are no longer allowed to practise their previous activities as
doctors, teachers, members of parliament. Madam President, I would also like to
thank Mrs Bonino wholeheartedly for her work on behalf of the women in Kabul.
Barbaric violence can only be fought when democracy is supported. The debate is
closed. There have only been a few isolated amendments opposed to this approach
and these were subsequently rejected. Madam President, my group supports the
rapporteur's position. I fully support the need for contacts with third
countries. Secondly, we should not allow this to be postponed indefinitely, and
we should not introduce provisions restricted to physical persons. But that is
not the language used in everyday encounters with the bemused populations of the
EU countries. Two approaches are becoming clear, one of which is a pragmatic
approach. Have negotiations really begun? Today we have two directives before
us, including this one on capital income. Finally, it is my belief that it is
not for us to deal with rate levels. I believe this is a job for the final
compromise round of Europe's finance ministers. Where coordinating tax policy is
concerned, the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the
capital markets. My country is one of them. Yet another amendment is aimed at
simplification, taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a
matter of course. The sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. until voting time at
11.30 a.m.. Your predecessor said earlier â€“ we only finished the debate barely
twenty minutes ago â€“ that this report would be voted on tomorrow. Now we come to
the references to Macao. In the motion for a resolution, we have: The way China
develops is vital for the way our own societies develop. It will influence not
only our economies but also, and above all, prospects for democracy world-wide.
Directive 96/96/EC established the principle that commercial road vehicles must
undergo an annual roadworthiness test at an approved testing centre. However, I
seriously doubt that the introduction of free market principles, which the
report so enthusiastically recommends, is the right solution. It would not be a
good thing to blindly apply competition rules and risk endangering the
efficiency of Community and national interventions. In addition, the Commission
has exclusive competence in matters of state aid. In its communication, the
Commission has presented some proposals for greater consistency between regional
policy and competition policy in the EU. This solution must not become
entrenched in a national-level mentality. The Commission has already established
a number of actions to help them. It concentrates on combating unemployment and
ensuring that everyone has a job. No one is left out; there are clear references
to women, for example. It is heartening that the European Union recognises the
problems and is willing to focus on them. Let us make it clear that the
collection of clothing for people in third countries who need it can continue.
We must accept that. The problem is that in many EU Member States it has become
the easy option with dire consequences for the environment. I reserve my right
to come back on this when it goes back to committee. On the question of whether
to exempt energy-intensive industries, in our view the Commission's proposal has
advantages and disadvantages. The international exemption for aircraft kerosene
must be abolished as quickly as possible. The indexing of minimum rates
introduced by Mr Cox is a good way of making the regulation simple and reliable.
As a result, the legislation is complex, hard to understand and difficult to
apply. Standards have been raised, and the question of the radio ham has also
been given attention. If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee's
opinion, it is that it is too one-sided. I salute him for all he has done in
this area. A further point was how private copying should be regulated in the
digital environment. Broad sections of the population having access to these new
forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome. It is
a directive which safeguards the interests of rightholders and protects
intellectual property. That is why the Socialist Group will be supporting this
position. The first concerns the limitations on copyright, in which context we
have logically proposed providing compensation. In the first place, there are
the creators. There are no clearly defined rules governing the sharing of
responsibility. Cultural differences do exist, and so I do not understand why
there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions. Some time ago we debated
about giving the rights to artists who sell their artwork. Since that
legislation came into being, there has been no noticeable difference. There is a
proper balanced way to achieve the rights that everybody here wants to see. What
is most needed in this, as well as in other areas, is a serious in depth
analysis of the problems. This is a right which does not incur financial
consequences. Mr President, many thanks to Mr Barzanti. We are told we must
balance interests but, quite frankly, all interests are not equal. Blank screens
will not enrich our society. Too many continue to scrape together a living in a
kind of La BohÃ©me garret. Some would argue that there should be fair use without
fair compensation. Allow the creators and others in the United Kingdom to have a
fair debate about whether we should have a blank tape levy. Copyright holders
are given an absolute right to protection, with the banning of copying for
private use for example. Let us be honest. It may seem that the common
agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher
priorities, but they are not. If these products are in short supply or of
inferior quality, that will sound the death-knell for Europe. There are some
very clear examples of this in the recitals. The ball is now in the Commission's
court. At one time, almost all Europe's major hits came into being with the help
of a producer who believed in them. We feel that the Internet provides an
effective way of avoiding that stranglehold. The information society is in fact
evolving in a global context. I am well aware that this was also the aim of
Parliament's work. We can not, however, accept the concept of 'economic
significance' for the rightholder. Your amendments uphold two important
principles: the right of rightholders to fair remuneration and the fine
distinction concerning private digital copies. The first principle protects a
need for equity; it is a measured step forwards in the quest for legal certainty
in this sector. That is a formula which allows broader harmonisation and
respects the traditions and practices of the Member States. The vote will be
taken tomorrow at 12 noon. C4-0497/98-98/0126 (CNS). The very structure of the
text of the COM in wine shows us that wine is an agricultural product rather
than an industrial product. Mr President, I should like to start by offering my
sincere thanks to Mr Martin. The proposal, Commissioner Fischler, was also not
nearly as good as this one. Circumstances have changed in some respects, while
in others they have remained the same. That is why we support the Agriculture
Committee's call for a framework regulation. Each area has its own way of making
wine. We will only counter overproduction by introducing comprehensive new
quality criteria. We support Mr Martin's report and we say one thing: quality
not quantity! Contrary to the Commission proposals, we must preserve the current
procedure known as the Article 43 procedure. That is the information I have on
this type of activity. You have the floor, Mr Van Miert. Mr President, there has
been considerable progress made with regard to the internal market for medicinal
products. It will be borne by the consumers and will constitute an additional
element of the price of electricity used. I should just like to confirm that the
Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point. I
was obviously anxious to hear the speech in full, In any case, I congratulate
Mrs Thors on her French; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish. Once
again, it is a question of habit. This also applies to charges on cross-border
transfers. We have done so: on 5 February we published an extremely detailed
press release dealing with the questions you have raised. I will bear in mind
however, as these debates are of especial interest to me, that Spain has been
particularly affected. Question No-46 by Christine Oddy (H-0002/99) I am pleased
to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable
Member refers. Mr Hatzidakis now has the floor for one minute, and his will be
the last question to Mr van den Broek today. As regards the negotiations, you
know the Commission's position. Question No-59 by Alex Smith (H-0045/99) I must
confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report,
given its sensitivity at this particular time. So I do not have a supplementary
question, I just want to register my protest. My question is related to Mr
Smith's question. It has always failed to deal with the real issue, namely the
closing-down of Sellafield. I have sat here patiently and I find it quite
extraordinary that you are not calling me. Instead of that, you called Mr
Fitzsimons as a supplementary to Mr Smith. I have the impression that the
honourable Member believes the public invitation to tender in connection with
the tunnel has already started. The sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m and
resumed at 9 p.m. Common organisation of the market in wine (continuation) I
also think that the Commission's proposals are better able to provide this
guarantee of dynamic equilibrium. This also means that in several areas the
report does not follow the liberal proposals made by the Commission. Everyone
can see that the draft CAP reforms tend to become embedded in the rut defined by
the Commission's too liberal tendencies. The Committee on Agriculture and Rural
Development is very attentive to the demands of the experts and of society. This
is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us. I hope
that the debate on wine-growing will benefit the wine producer, the product and
the consumer alike. More must be done to promote the product on the
international markets. We are always talking about quality; well, I believe that
quality also means giving priority to products wholly derived from the vine.
Unfortunately, with respect, it shows an enormous ignorance of what actually
happens to wine in those countries that it is shipped to. Ladies and gentlemen
from both North and South, we must vote in favour of this report. Commissioner
Brittan should know this. The appropriate forum for the settlement of this
dispute is the World Trade Organisation. I therefore urge the German presidency
to take whatever initiative is necessary in the Bonn EU/US summit in June. It is
as if someone were to steal my wallet and I were then expected to sit down and
negotiate with him. So, let us take the gloves off. We shall not only condemn
them. It affects people and it reaches them at different times and on different
issues. I can now give the floor to one speaker in favour and one against. A
pirate electronic version is available but not in French. In addition to the
Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy, the financing of the
Community needs to undergo radical reform. President Santer rightly pointed out
that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000. You can see
that just by looking at the current discussions in the Council. Work that one
out if you can! At the same time that one truly European own resource is waning
rapidly in its importance. Yet, the good old traditional own resources are the
cause of major headaches for control and concern about fraud. We have a system
of own resources that is extremely complex and lacking in transparency. It makes
life very difficult for Members, Commissioners and the press. At any rate, there
is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member
States. Mr President, I should also like to compliment Mrs Haug on her report.
These are very fundamental points for the future. It is a question of
appropriateness and of review. What policies and at what level? Only one thing
can protect us from this unfortunate fate and that is the rule of unanimity. I
should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde's
question. Thank you very much. The premises you visited do not belong to the
European Commission and the staff you met are not employed by the European
Commission. I am unaware of the reasons behind this situation you describe
though I can make an educated guess at them. Could you please explain it more
clearly? What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is
indicative that the project had not been properly closed down. I would like to
make that crystal-clear. I am referring to the Rio Coco project. Mr Martin,
please reply without engaging in a dialogue, as the Rules do not provide for
one. Originally, a proposal was promised for the beginning of last year. I am
grateful to the honourable Member for his question. I just hope that I will be
invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it. Thank
you, Mr Kinnock. Question No-44 by Bernie Malone (H-0209/99) European exports
rose during that period but the situation has now been rectified. The only
product of any significance is canned tomatoes, but even they account for no
more than 7 -% of the market. For my part, I feel that the negotiations were
balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market. You know
yourself that the agreement with South Africa was held up because of the
fisheries question, too. You have to take more into account the whole question
of, not just giving aid, but fair trade. The overall amount was 6500 tonnes of
canned tomatoes. We shall be discussing the new trends in consumption and
trafficking and the prospects for the future. Many lives are wasted every year
because of the depredations of the people-smugglers. We know for certain that
those who try to reach the coast of Europe by sea from Morocco often meet a grim
fate. In 1996, the EDU's mandate was extended to include the smuggling of human
beings. We know that there are boats plying between Morocco and Spain and
Gibraltar, and that the different authorities concerned are cooperating fully.
What do you think are the target routes here? Question No-49 will therefore
receive a written answer. We are closely monitoring the matter and should know
whether the regime has been modified within the next few weeks. Secondly, the
origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are
still based on individual Member States. Detailed statistics on EU trade with
Cuba are not available. I understand from sources in the Scottish industry that
there is a major company involved in Norway at the moment. As I have said, 84
exporters have had the undertakings replaced by duties instead. This has led to
the adoption of a common position on Burma and the withdrawal of GSP benefits.
In this case we are talking about the market for processed meat products. I had
therefore been hoping for a common sense reply, Commissioner, not a technical
one. The directive is more modest. How could millions of customers be reimbursed
if the charge had already been included in their electricity bills? Questions
Nos 60 to 111 will therefore receive written answers. That concludes Question
Time. For electoral reasons and in order to appeal to the masses, the subject
has been brought up again. It aims at the heart of the matter, as Agenda 2000
negotiations have reached a critical stage. The issue is the financing of EU
enlargement. We are now fighting over who is going to pay for it. I speak on
behalf of the British Labour Members on that major area of dissent. At the
moment, Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of
the Union, something like 25 billion. Firstly, does the total amount of
Community budget receipts cover the current requirement of the European Union?
How much further do you want it to fall? Let us just reflect on the fact that,
without a common agricultural policy, there would be no European Union today. We
therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe
that we are close to achieving this. Some merely refer to purely linguistic and
formal aspects. We transport politicians always try to be precise, without
letting things get out of hand. During the conciliation procedure the
Commission, indeed you, Commissioner, declared that a proposal on seaports would
be on the table immediately. There are two other points I would like to address.
Then there is the famous project No-8 of the 14 very important projects endorsed
by the Essen summit. We have worked on the networks too long for this to happen.
That is what I want to talk about today. I admit that, Commissioner, and also
thank the Commission for improving its proposal compared to the original text.
We need a brief report summarising the experience gained and a clear review. A
very clear and accurate analysis of both Mediterranean and non-Mediterranean
ports is required. That makes sense because the viability of infrastructure
investments obviously depends on competitive revenue-raising services and
competitive services clearly need quality infrastructure. Amendment No-6 makes
more radical changes to the guideline maps, adding new links and creating new
categories of ports. All I would regret was his prolonged absence from this
House. This, however, is not the proposal before the House. That he always gets,
whether he likes it or not. Thank you, Mr Kinnock. There is much talk of
privatisation and liberalisation. But privatisation does not even come into
question in this context, it is not being proposed. It is up to the railway
undertakings to decide whether to do so more in the form of cooperation or of
competition. I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases.
Each country should continue to be able to regulate this as it wishes in its
area of jurisdiction. Personally, I should like to see a number of other
requirements deleted. Consequently, the proposals could, in practice, produce
the opposite effect to that intended and become an obstacle to increased
competition. Many countries and regions are worried, and perhaps with reason.
But the opportunity for the renaissance of the railways is at hand, and that is
what we should strive for. Compared with my own objectives, I do not think the
demands made by either of them are tough enough. Mr President, here too I must
congratulate the two rapporteurs. But there are a few facts that we must face. I
do not agree with him at all. How can we license individual operators if we do
not make that separation? Why do we say that? Firstly, the amendment of the
concept of authorised applicants which allows any natural or legal person to
request infrastructure capacity. We all know that the market share of the
railways has declined in recent years. My group welcomes that opportunity and
supports the Commission and our rapporteurs in their efforts to secure a future
for Europe's railways. Both the reports before us today represent further
necessary steps along the same road. If rail is to have real vitality, then rail
is going to have to change. It results in a less clear definition and is, in our
view, an unnecessary change. I have great sympathy with the view that Community
legislation should not be over-prescriptive. There are a number of key points
that I would like to address before concluding. It will encourage them to place
greater reliance on this mode of transport. They have to make a stronger
commitment to rail. I conclude by thanking both rapporteurs, I hope that the
whole House will endorse their constructive approach. So there is no question of
closing down, there is a question of the practical discretion of the committee.
We will meet that commitment. The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Perhaps it is especially important, however, to define in precise terms the
responsibility that city will have to assume. 

A bird cried out on the roof, and he woke up. It was the middle of the
afternoon, in the heat, in Africa; he knew at once where he was. The road to the
village would be blocked, the dog ran over the soft fields breathing like a
dragon... the kernel of the house was warm with oil-fired heating and the light
from red shades, the silky colours of Olivia's things... the rugs, cherry- and
satin-wood pieces... and the red earth pots, bits of beadwork, the two fine
carvings they once found in the Congo. A few days ago he was in that house,
packing to leave in the flat progression of practical matters by which decision
is broken up into reality. If you have any trouble with the boiler, for heaven's
sake let Mackie look at it before you send to town. What a pity you gave away
your shorts. There's no knowing if I'll be anywhere where I could dare appear in
shorts, any more. But your waist measurement hasn't changed by so much as half
an inch... I know by your pyjama trousers, I use exactly the same measurement
for new elastic as I always did. Three months before, Adamson Mweta stood
outside a steak house in Kensington and said to him, Of course you'll come back
to us now! He had driven home, slowing down on the empty road that led through
the fullness of a deserted summer twilight, at last, to the house. Housing
estates overrun villages all over England, but here the process had been
reversed; the house had once been a manor (Olivia thought that, even earlier, it
had been a priory) but in the nineteenth century the village was depopulated by
the drift to industrialized towns, lost its autonomy, and died; the
shop-cum-post-office had closed, the cottages had fallen down; As Olivia said,
it ought to have been a sad-feeling place but it wasn't; there was instead a
renewal: the country had come back, bringing the reassurance of stubborn peace
and fecundity, a beginning again. And they were only two-hours-and-a-bit from
London, their daughters and their friends. He had kept up, since he finally left
Africa ten years ago, a close contact with Adamson Mweta and the other leaders
of the African independence movement. He spent a great deal of time going back
and forth to London to advise them when they conferred with the Colonial Office,
and to do what he could to smooth the way for various delegations that came to
petition against the old constitution and to negotiate independence for their
country. It was there, in this Central African territory, that he had been a
colonial servant until the settlers succeeded in having him recalled and
deported for his support of the People's Independence Party. He said to his
wife, Mweta's invited me to come back as their guest. Well, you ought to be at
the Independence celebrations, if anyone is. That's marvellous. She used to make
packages of sandwiches for Mweta to take with him when he cycled for miles about
Gala province at weekends, speaking at meetings. He said to Adamson Mweta before
they parted the next day, Olivia won't be able to come out to Independence,
unfortunately... our elder daughter's expecting a child just round about that
time. Mweta said, with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a
light becoming more powerful, as his eyes held you, You mean little Venetia? She
going to be a mother? I'm afraid so, he mumbled in his Englishman's way. Well,
that's good, that's good. Never mind, Mrs. Bray will join you later. I imagine
by the time she's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations'll be
over. That's what I mean â€“ you'll be more or less settled by the time she
arrives. They were standing at the door of Mweta's taxi; there was a sudden
uprush of feeling between the two men; the Englishman stood there, the small,
quick black man took him by the biceps, hard, through his dark suit, as in his
own country he would have linked fingers with a brother. Under the release of
physical contact, he said to Mweta, I don't know what we're talking about, and
Mweta said, You... I told you we expect you back, now. But what would I do? What
use should I be to you? He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of
discussion of constitutional law and political tactics (a white man, an outsider
offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth)... a strong consciousness
of his own being flooded him as if a stimulant had been injected into his veins.
Whatever you like! It's all ours! We need you; whatever you like! Mweta broke
away and jumped into the taxi. The pale stone faÃ§ade with its stone lintels and
sills worn smooth as a piece of used soap was directly on the empty road but the
real face of the house was the other side. Sheltered by the building the garden
was a grassy look-out over fuzzy colours of flowers, bees, and early moths to
the long valley. He and Olivia gardened on summer evenings, not seriously, as
she did during the day, but desultorily pulling out a tall rank weed here or
there, for the pleasure of feeling its roots yield from the humus and bring up,
in the crumbs clinging to that beard grown underground, a smell of earth rich as
fruit-cake. They had laid flag-stones under the walnut trees for the white
wooden chairs and table, so that it wouldn't be too damp. They drank whisky
there, or even the coffee after dinner. Sometimes before the dusk wavered the
wood away into the distance, he went out into the sunlight that collected like
golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge. There was no one to
bother about shooting rights. Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun
almost by feel and the clean, practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple
satisfaction of the task. Olivia played records with the living-room windows
wide open so that the music came out to them. This summer it was Stravinsky and
Poulenc; she was of the generation and class that paid other women to knit and
now that she herself was about to be a grandmother she made funny stuffed toys
for nieces and nephews. She had a cigar box full of odd buttons, as a supply of
eyes, but she put it away from her because one of the things she had hated when
she was young was the show of dissembling older women made when confronted with
something vital to them. I suppose we said many times we'd come back when they
got their independence. She gave a small, self-questioning shrug, admitting the
glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time. It's not because of what
one said. But both knew that, in those days, the important thing was to give
Adamson Mweta faith in himself by positing a future that was real because you, a
white person with nothing personal to gain by it, showed you believed it would
come about. Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him, she had her
look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about. He said,
Certainly I thought of going back, then. Before we left. Just as I knew we
should have to leave. Poor Adamson, it looked pretty hopeless at times. And yet
it's come so quickly. Ten years. Ten years since they had been deported from the
territory, ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty, and the girls were
still schoolgirls. Historically, yes, it would happen but not to Adamson, and
not to us? The house they had bought, filled with possessions that had been
stored all the years they were in Africa, the garden they had made, spoke for
them. It was not a house to be quitted. They expect you back, she said with
pride. Adamson was in the flush of victory, all right. I think he'd have
embraced Henry Davis. Davis was the settler M.P. who had been responsible, at
one stage, for getting Mweta banished to the far Western Province. He naturally
assumes you'll come out of exile. They laughed. But they were talking of Mweta;
the strange shyness of twenty-two years of marriage made it impossible for her
to say: Do you want to go? The passionate beginning, the long openness and
understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted.
And in a way she did know: because it was for them a code so deeply accepted
that it had never been discussed... one was available wherever one was of use.
What else was there to live by? And so the question of what they were talking
about really amounted to her hidden, pressed-down, banked-over desire to know
whether this house, this life in Wiltshire, this life â€“ at last â€“ seemed to him
the definitive one, in the end. Because she was suddenly realizing that it had
been so for her. She was, after all (in the true sense of after all that had
gone before) an Englishwoman. She had taken out of storage the furniture and
family possessions that had been nothing but a nuisance to her when they left
England together twenty years ago, and, putting them in place, inevitably had
accepted the life the arrangement of such objects provided for, and her
comfortable private income made possible. In the room they had decided upon for
his study, the desk from her great-grandfather that had naturally become his â€“ a
quiet field of black-red morocco scratched with almost erased gold â€“ was a place
to write the properly documented history of the territory (Mweta's country) that
had never been done before; not the boxwood Colonial Office desk at which one
dealt with government forms and made the empirical scribbles of administration
or politics. In the scented, mothy evening she felt the presence of the house
like someone standing behind her. She did not know whether he felt it too; and
she could not try to find out because if it turned out that he didn't â€“ she had
a premonition, sometimes, that in middle age you could find you had lost
everything in a moment: husband â€“ lover, friend, children, it was as if they had
never happened, or you had wandered off from them without knowing, and now stood
stock-still with the discovery. They watched the moths in the tobacco flowers.
She said in her sensible, inquiring, Englishwoman's voice behind which
generations of her kind had sheltered, Did Mweta say how long? It was very much
a gesture! No, but he'd already mentioned it yesterday, isn't that so? You
misunderstood him yesterday. A year? Six months?... What? White people given
appointments in African countries after independence were usually employed on
contract. Good Lord, I've no idea, I'm sure he hasn't either. It's all in the
air. Olivia went in to change the record and because it was, unexpectedly,
Mozart â€“ the harp and Mute concerto â€“ he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed
it. She wandered down to the herb garden and brought back a branch of dill;
There he is, she said. It was their owl, a youngster who had hatched out down in
the field and was heard every night. She remarked that tomorrow she must pick
the dill for drying. Everything was just as it was. But everything was changed.
All had turned over in the barrel of the world and steadied itself again. She
knew, if he didn't, that he was going. It was night in Europe all the way. Dark
rain in the afternoon in London when the plane took off, at Rome the airport a
vast, bleary shopwindow shining blurred colours through rain. He hauled down his
coat again to get out at Athens. The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the
plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the
Aegean or thyme, as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa. Inside the
airport under the yellow light the passengers sat down again on
exhausted-looking chairs, bundled deep in their heavy clothing. An old woman
with crinkly grey hair woke up at her post outside the lavatory and opened the
door, smiling and grasping a filthy cleaning rag. He walked around to ease the
cramp in his knees but there was a small circumference and within a few strides
one found oneself back again at the shop, before which women and child
passengers were drawn to gaze at embroidered aprons and evzone dolls. A girl of
ten or eleven with the badges of the cantons of Switzerland sewn to the sleeve
of her coat had exactly the look of Venetia at that age. He bought a postcard of
brilliant blue sea and dazzling white ruins and tried to write, in what he could
remember of Greek: Winter and darkness here but in Cambridge, perhaps, there's
already spring yelling its head off? My love to you, James. Venetia had had a
first in Greek, herself, only a year ago, and could laugh over the mistakes. But
that was the end of Europe. At Kano a huge moon shone and in a light brighter
than a European winter afternoon the passengers made their way across the tarmac
at three in the morning against the resistance of a heat of the day persisting
all through the night as the sun persists in a stone it has warmed. There was a
smell of woodsmoke; the men moving about beneath the belly of the plane had bare
black feet. When the passengers climbed aboard again, their clothes felt hairy
and the plane was airless. He put the coat away on the rack, apologizing, trying
not to hamper other people in the general move to rearrange gear; the
anticipation of arrival, still some hours off, aroused in them not so much
common purpose as a spread of instinct as in the lifted heads of a herd become
aware of the promise of water. When the sun rose some slumped off into sleep,
but women began to examine the plastic bags in which they kept their hats, and,
as the hard beams of the sun struck into the cabin on hairnets, pale lips, and
stubble, queues formed for the lavatories. While he was writing on the customs
and immigration form, BRAY, Evelyn James, and the number of his passport,
someone was reading his name over his shoulder; he flexed it awkwardly, not
because he minded, but in mild embarrassment. The queue for the lavatory moved
along a notch, he glanced up and the man, carrying a flowered sponge-bag, caught
his eye with a tired vacant stare that changed to an expression of greeting. The
woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of
her breathing but never exchanging a word, suddenly began to talk like a bird
who has the cover taken off its cage. He wedged himself between the seats to
recover the shoe she had lost somewhere over a distant desert; she laughed,
protested apologetically, and shook cologne down into her freckled bosom.
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window, she looked into the
dazzling glare of space and said, Glorious morning up here! and they discussed
with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind. As he did not
have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and
the furze of growth along the river-beds: not until the plane had come to a stop
on the runway, and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard. He
unhooked his safety belt and leaned over to look at an angle through the bleary
lens on the far side of the aisle; and there it was, tiny and distorted and
real, bush, earth, exactly as it remained in his mind always, without his
thinking about it. It was underfoot. It was around. A black man in khaki shorts
(used to be a white man in white stockings) sprayed a cloyingly perfumed
insecticide over the passengers' heads as a precaution against the plane
harbouring mosquitoes and tsetse flies. The doors opened; voices from without
came in on currents of air; he emerged among the others into heady recognition
taken in at all the senses, walking steadily across the tarmac through the
raw-potato whiff of the undergrowth, the fresh, early warmth on hands, the cool
metallic taste of last night's storm at the back of the throat, The disembarking
passengers were all strangers again, connected not with each other but to the
mouthing, smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony. He knew no one
but the walk was processional, a reception to him, and by the time he entered
the building over the steps where, as always, dead insects fallen from the light
during the night had not been swept away, it was all as suddenly familiar and
ordinary as the faces other people were greeting were, to them. Waiting to be
summoned to the customs officers' booths, the companions of the journey ignored
each other. Only the man with the flowered sponge-bag, as if unaware of this
useful convention, insisted on a Here we are again smile. You're Colonel Bray?
He spoke round the obstacle of a woman standing between them. Thought I
recognized you in Rome. Welcome back. I must confess I don't remember you. I've
been away a long time. The man had long coarse strands of sun-yellowed hair
spread from ear to ear across a bald head and wore sunglasses that rested on
fine Nordic cheekbones. I've only just come to live here... from down South.
South Africa. Who was that I don't know... one of the people from the plane... a
baldish fair man with an accent, I didn't catch the name. He'd recently moved up
here. Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been. He and his wife took over the Silver
Rhino last year. I like old Hjalmar. He's just been to Denmark or somewhere
because his mother died. We'll go in and have a steak there one evening, they're
trying to make a go of it with a charcoal grill and whatnot. What happened to
McGowan? Good God, they've been gone at least five or six years. There've been
three other managers since then. It's difficult to do anything with that place
now; it's got the character of the miners' pub it was, but it's very handy for
the new government offices, not too overawing, so you get quite a few Africans
coming in. A genteel lot, very conscious of their dignity, man-about-town and
all that, you can imagine how the white toughies feel about all those white
collars round black necks in the bar. Hjalmar's as gentle as a lamb and he has
to keep the peace somehow. Oh I'll tell you who's still around though â€“ Barry
Forsyth. Yes, and making money. Forsyth Construction. You'll see the board
everywhere. They tell me he's got the contract for the whole Isoza River
reclamation scheme... employs engineers from Poland and Italy Because of the
mosquitoes, they moved into the house. The spiders came out from behind the
pictures and flattened like starfish against the walls. There was no air at all
in the living-room, and a strong smell of hot fat. Every now and then, while
dinner was awaited, their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds â€“
pitched talk â€“ let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out, laying
the table. There was another large meal, and an exchange about a bottle of white
wine between Dando and his cook, Festus. Of course I don't open wrong kind
bottle. I know when is eat-e chicken, I know when is eat-e beef. Well it is the
wrong one, because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in
the fridge. You say I cook chicken, isn't it? I look, I see the round bottle is
red wine inside... It's pink. I specially didn't say anything about the colour
because I didn't want to muddle you up. I know how obstinate you are, Festus...
They argued self-righteously as two old-maid sisters. Festus could be heard
retailing the exchange, confidently in the right, in the kitchen; Dando, equally
assured, went on talking as if without interruption. It's not an exaggeration to
say that what they're having to do is introduce a so-called democratic social
system in place of a paternalist discipline. You haven't replaced the District
Commissioner by appointing a district magistrate. You've only replaced one of
his functions. You've still got to get country people to realize that these
functions are now distributed among various agencies: it's no good running to
the magistrate if someone needs an ambulance to take him to the next town, for
instance... In bush stations there wasn't anything we weren't responsible for.
Exactly. But now people have to learn that there's a Department of Public Health
to go to. A good thing! A good thing for everybody! What a hopeless business it
was, hopeless for the D.C. and for the people. Dependency and resentment hand in
hand. Whatever the black magistrates are like, whatever the administration's
like, it won't be like that. The magistrates are all right, don't you worry. A
damned sight better than some of our fellows. I'm not worried at that level. The
Bench doesn't change of course. Bray laughed at Dando's expression; the look of
weary, bottomless distaste in the wrinkled mugs of certain breeds of dogs.
They'll die off, I suppose. There's that to be said for it. But God knows what
we'll get then. I met Gwenzi's brother in London one day while he was at Gray's
Inn; he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here. When
Dando's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name.
Don't think I don't know I've got some bad times coming to me, he said, as if
taking up, in private, current talk about himself. When I said yes to Mweta I
knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it. The
day will come when I'll have deportation orders to sign that I won't want to
sign. Warrants of arrest. Or worse. He ate a mouthful of the left-over
granadilla pudding, and there was the smallest tremor, passing for a moment
through his head. Poor old Dando. Anyone who's stayed on is a fool if he hasn't
thought about that, said Bray. And I'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to
act when I'd rather not, too. That I can count on. What if Shinza should make a
bit of trouble at the next elections, what if he were to feel himself bloody
well discounted as he certainly is, and start up a real opposition with all the
tricks that he taught PIP, eh? What if he brought the whole Lambala-speaking
crowd out in a boycott, with all the old beatingsup at the polls, hut burnings â€“
you think I wouldn't find myself the one to put Shinza inside, this time? Well,
I know. But why on earth should it come to that? I knew it when I said yes to
Mweta. Poor bloody Dando. The blacks' dirty work isn't any cleaner than the
whites'. That's what they'll be happy to note. But what their contented little
minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job, I knew it all
along, and I'll say it now as loud as I'd say it then... Who'll be happy? Dando
refilled the brandy glasses again. My colleagues! Those worthy fellows who've
gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident
they'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a
white man's. It was after midnight when they got to bed. Bray went to the
kitchen to fill his brandy glass with water for the night. Cockroaches fled,
pausing, from what they regarded as positions of safety, to twirl their
antennae. A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that
had flicked from a plate. He stood at the sink, drinking cold water and looking
at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a
pickle jar of water on the sill. He was conscious of a giddy swing of weight
from one foot to the other that was not of his volition; it seemed he had been
standing there a long time â€“ he was not sure. He heard Dando, forced by the old
Labrador into the garden, walking about outside the guest hut and talking
reproachfully to the dog; and then it was morning and Festus's assistant was at
the door with the early tea. A helicopter snored over the celebrations, drowning
the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street,
expunging conversation in bars and even speeches. Nobody knew what it was for...
a security measure, some were satisfied to assume, while others accepted it as
vaguely appropriate, the symbol of progress inseparable from all industrial
fairs and agricultural shows and therefore somehow relevant to any public
display. There was a moment in the stadium at the actual Independence ceremony
when he heard it on the perimeter of the sky just as Kenyatta began to speak,
and he and Vivien Bayley, the young wife of the registrar of the new university,
sitting beside him, collided glances of alert apprehension... Later it was
discovered to have been giving flips at half-a-crown a time to a section of the
population who were queueing up, all through the ceremony, at the nearby soccer
field; a publicity stunt for an international cigarette-making firm. Neil Bayley
was the one to find this out, because of some domestic mishap or
misunderstanding that made his arrival at the visitors' stand very late. Bray
was conscious of furious tension between the young couple at his side as he sat
with the great stir of tiers of people behind, and the space in front of him,
before the velvet-draped and canopied dais, filled with press photographers and
radio and television crews, who all through the solemnities raced about bent
double on frantic tiptoe, snaking their wires, thrusting up their contraptions
manipulating shutters and flashlights. It was as if with all made splendidly
ready for a theatrical performance, a party of workmen with their gear had been
left behind. This activity and the risen temper along the back of a silent
quarrel beside him provided the strong distraction of another, disorderly level
of being that always seemed to him to take away from planned great moments what
they were meant to hold heady and pure. Here was the symbolic attainment of
something he had believed in, willed and worked for, for a good stretch of his
life: expressed in the roar that rocked back and forth from the crowd at
intervals, the togas, medalled breasts and white gloves, the ululating cries of
women, the soldiers at attention, and the sun striking off the clashing brass of
the bands. Or in the icecream tricycles waiting at the base of each section of
an amphitheatre of dark faces, the mongrel that ran out and lifted its leg on
the presidential dais? Mweta had the mummified look of one who has become a
vessel of ritual. But once the declaration of independence was pronounced he
came, as out of a trance, to an irresistibly lively self, sitting up there
seeing everything around him, a spectator, Bray felt, as well as a spectacle.
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye, once, and there
was a quick smile; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him, by now. He talked
to the elderly English princess who sat beside him with her knees peaked neatly
together in the Royal position curiously expressive of the suffering of
ceremonies, and Bray saw him point out the contingent of Gala women, their faces
and breasts whitened for joy, who were lined up among the troops of musicians
and dancers from various regions. And yet when that ceremony was over, and in
between all the other official occasions â€“ State Ball, receptions, cocktail
parties, banquets, and luncheons â€“ a mood of celebration grew up, as it were,
outside the palace gates. He attended most of the official occasions (he and
Roly saluted each other with mock surprise when they met in the house,
half-dressed in formal dinner clothes every night) but the real parties took
place before and after. These grew spontaneously one out of the other, and once
you had been present at the first, you got handed on to all the others. He
really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him,
and many were the friends of friends. Dando took him to the Bayleys; but Neil
was a friend of Mweta, and Vivien was the niece of, of all people, Sir William
Clough, the last governor, who had been a junior with Bray in the colonial
service in Tanganyika. The Bayleys were friends of Cyprian Kente, Mweta's
Minister of the Interior, and his wife Tindi, and Timothy Odara, one of the
territory's few African doctors, whom Bray, of course, knew well. Through each
individual the group extended to someone else and drew in, out of the new
international character of the little capital, Poles, Ghanaians, Hungarians and
Israelis, South African and Rhodesian refugees. After the State Ball there was a
private all-night party in a marquee. Roly Dando had promised to drop by, and of
course Bray was with him. Cheers went up from the people already present who had
not been at the ball; they had decided to dress for once, too, and the two
groups of women mingled and exclaimed over each other, everyone began to talk
about what the ball was like, champagne came in, a Congolese band whipped up
their pace, and the absurd and slightly thrilling mood of the State Ball and the
cosy gaiety of the party swept together. The tent was filled with chairs and
divans borrowed from people's houses, and flowers from their gardens. Someone
had put up a board with a collage of blown-up pictures of Mweta â€“ speaking,
laughing, yawning, touching a piece of machinery with curiosity, leaving,
arriving, even threatening. Many other people Bray had seen at the ball streamed
in in their finery: they had contributed to the arrangements for this party. The
trouble everyone had taken gave a sense of occasion to even the wildest moments
of the night. Vivien Bayley, queenly at twenty-six, with her beautiful,
well-mannered, disciplined face, came to hover beside Bray between responsible
permutations about the room to make sure that this young girl was not being
bothered too much by the attentions of someone older and rather drunk, or that
young man was not being overlooked by the girls who ought to be taking notice of
him. Bray surprised her by asking her to dance, swaying stiffly to a rhythm he
didn't know, but nevertheless keeping the beat, so that they wouldn't make fools
of themselves among the complicated gyrations of the Africans. I'm so glad you
dance, she said; he was ashamed that he had asked her only out of politeness.
Neil won't ... I think it's a mistake to let oneself forget these things because
of vanity. Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer, wonderful, isn't she... just like
a snake brought out by music, and sometimes he'll try with her. He loves to
flirt with her when Cyprian's not looking, but get her doing her marvellous
wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew, dragging his feet.
Andrew was probably one of her children; being accepted with such immediate
casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign
language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else: it was
assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being
exposed to them. Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the
dancers to a crowded table. A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white
breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms. Have my glass, she said, as
there were no spare ones to go round. She went off to dance, holding in her
stomach as she squeezed past and balanced her soft-looking body. The heat was
heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long, narrow black
hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had
relinquished it. You don't remember me? Ras Asahe, I came to your place in
England once. The young man said he was in broadcasting now, so-called assistant
to the Director of English Language Services. And how's your father? Good Lord,
I'd like to see him again! Joseph Asahe was one of Edward Shinza's lieutenants
in the early days of PIP. He's old now. It was not the right question to have
asked; what the young man dismissed was any possible suggestion that he was to
be thought of in connection with Shinza. His clothes, watch, cufflinks were
those of a man who feels he must buy the best for himself, he had the
Mussolini-jaw quite common among the people in the part of the country he came
from but those hands were the lyrical, delicately strong, African ones that
escaped the international blandness of businessmen's hands as Bray had marvelled
to see them escape the brutalizing of physical hardship. Convicts broke stones
with hands like that, here. They made conversation about the radio and
television coverage of the celebrations, and from this broke into talk that
interested them both: the problem of communication in a country with so many
different language groups. I wonder how much use could be made of a radio
classroom in country schools, whether it couldn't help considerably to ease the
shortage of teachers, here, and maintain some sort of standard where teachers
are perhaps not very well qualified. I'd like to talk to somebody about it...
your man? I'm not keen to go straight to the Director-General... It won't make
much difference. They laughed at him again. Everyone was gathering round for
servings from the roast sheep, and the fair stocky man from the airport
signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers. Wentz, Hjalmar Wentz,
we met on the plane. Roland Dando said we probably should be seeing you at the
Rhino. They moved off with their plates of food, and Wentz said to a woman
settled in one of the canvas chairs, Margot, here is Colonel Bray. No, no,
please stay where you are. In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light
of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman's face as
it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks. Bright hair was brushed
up off a high round forehead and behind the ears, in a way he associated with
busy, capable women. Try some, Margot, it's wonderful... Aren't I fat enough...
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband's fork. To tell the truth,
this's the first time for a week we've had time to sit down to eat. Margot's had
to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning, and some nights it's been
until ten. She literally hasn't sat down to a meal... Oh, not quite... I must
have had hundreds of cups of coffee. Yes, with one hand while you were busy
stirring a pot with the other. The cook went to the Independence ceremony and we
haven't seen him since... just for the afternoon, he said, just to see the great
men he's seen in the papers... well, what can you say? We felt it was his day,
after all. The woman showed a wellshaped smile in the dark. Bray asked, How on
earth have you managed? She gestured and laughed, but her husband was eager to
break in, holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees. A hundred
and twenty-two for dinner! That's what it was on Thursday. And yesterday... Only
a hundred and nine, that's all... They laughed. Bray raised his beer mug of wine
to her. What about my assistant cook? You mustn't forget I've got help, she
said. Wentz put down his glass beside his chair, to do the justice of full
attention to what he was going to say. Her assistant cook. I got him from the
new labour exchange â€“ I thought, well, let's try it, so they send him along,
five years' experience, everything fine. His wife was listening, laughing
softly, sitting back majestically for a moment. Five years' experience, but d'
you know what as? You know the barbers under the mango trees there just before
you get to the second-class trading area? Our son's comment was the best, I
think. Well, here's to three crazy people, said Wentz, excitedly picking up his
glass. Everyone knows you must be crazy to come of your own free will to one of
these countries. Colonel Bray isn't going to run a hotel. She had a soft, dry
voice and her accent was slighter than her husband's. I'm not as brave as you
are. Oh, how do you know? said Wentz. We didn't know what we were going to land
up doing, either. She said quietly, We certainly didn't think we'd be the
proprietors of the Silver Rhino. Anyway, that's another story, said Wentz. Oh,
did you? he laughed. Well, perhaps I am, then. I should think the bar of the
Silver Rhino's as good a place as any to learn what's really going on. If you
want to hear how much ugliness there is â€“ yes. Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice
that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself. How people still
think with their blood and enjoy to contempt... yes, the bar at the Silver
Rhino. Our son Stephen is looking after it tonight. It's amazing how he deals
with those fellows â€“ better than I do, I can tell you. He keeps them in place.
We promised him a liberal education when we left South Africa, you see. Mrs.
Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire, a big
face glimmering in the dark, caverns where the eyes were. taking the A levels,
said Wentz, innocently. You're not going to finish? The white blur of her hand
moved in a gesture of rejection... You have it, Hjalmar. It rained and people
felt chilly on the veranda and drifted indoors. There was a group in loud
discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked...
banging on the Governor's door with a panga when the others were still picannins
with snotty noses... Now Dando had the sulky outraged attention of a young
patriot from the social welfare department, the glittering-eyed indifference of
Doris Manyema, one of the country's three or four women graduates, and the
amused appreciation of a South African refugee whose yellow-brown colour, small
nose and fine lips set him apart from the blackness of the other two. In the
light, Margot Wentz's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her
body: a double-chinned, handsome dark blonde, the short high nose coming from
the magnificent forehead, water-coloured eyes underlined with cuts of fatigue
deep into each cheek. With an absent smile to Bray across the room, she took up,
for a moment, an abandoned beauty. When he joined the group, they were listening
to her. We don't have to argue; we can take it that colonialism is indefensible,
for us, no? You think so, I think so... right. Timothy Odara's eyes were closed;
leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly, alert. I'm sorry,
forty-eight years you were under British rule, digging their mines, building
roads for them, making towns, living in shanties and waiting on them, cleaning
up after them, treated like dirt... now it's all over, you really think there
was any way at all you could enter the modern world without suffering? You think
there was someone else would have given you the alphabet! and electricity and
killed off the malaria mosquito, just for love? The Finns? The Russians?
Anybody? Anyone who wouldn't have wanted the last drop of your sweat and pride
in return? These are the facts. From your point of view, as it luckily lasted
less than two generations. Wasn't it worth it? Would anybody have let you in for
nothing? Anybody at all? That's what I'm asking... Wouldn't you have to pay the
price in suffering? Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the
African people as a blank... and then the colonialists come along and we come to
life â€“ in your compounds and back yards. She was shaking her head slowly while
Odara was speaking. All I'm saying, don't wear the sufferings of the past round
your necks. What does independence mean â€“ I don't use freedom, I don't like the
big words â€“ what does your independence mean, then? The past is useful for
political purposes only said Hjalmar, as he might have said: she's right.
Someone said, Watch out for the man from the CIA. Down with neo-colonialism. Of
course, Curtis, said Hjalmar. But if you have to do it by keeping that forty
years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children... ach, it's
not healthy, it makes me sick. What do they want to hear how you had to go round
to the back door of the missionary's house? Mrs. Odara had joined the group,
running a big, silver-nailed hand through Curtis Pettigrew's crew-cut hair. Oh
God, Timothy, not that again. Odara laughed. But it always comes down to the
same thing: you Europeans talk very reasonably about that sort of suffering
because you don't know... you may have thought it was terrible, but there's
nothing like that in your lives. Bray saw Margot Wentz put up her head with a
quick grimace-smile, as if someone had told an old joke she couldn't raise a
laugh for. Well, here you're mistaken, her husband said, rather grandly, we
lived under Mr. Hitler. And you must know all about that. I'm not interested in
Hitler. Timothy Odara's fine teeth were bared in impatient pleasantness. My
friend, white men have killed more people in Africa than Hitler ever did in
Europe. But you're crazy, said Wentz gently. Europe's wars, white men's killings
among themselves. What's that to me? You've just said one shouldn't burden
oneself with suffering. I don't have any feelings about Hitler. Oh but you
should, Mrs. Wentz said, almost dreaming. No more and no less than you do about
what happened to Africans. It's all the same thing. A slave in the hold of a
ship in the eighteenth century and a Jew or a gipsy in a concentration camp in
the nineteen-forties. Well, I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the
detention camp at Fort Howard, the guest of Her Majesty's governor, said Odara,
that I know. Her two brothers died at Auschwitz, Hjalmar Wentz said; but his
wife was talking to Jo-Ann Pettigrew, who offered blobs of toasted marshmallow
on the end of a long fork. For God's sake, Timothy, stop baring your teeth and
sink them into something. Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman
would dare; yet he ignored it, as if turning the tables on her with his
countrymen's assumption that what women said was not heard, anyway. He said
angrily to Wentz, directing the remark at the wife through the husband, What did
you get in return that was worth it? Margot Wentz said, looking at no one, That
one can't say. She waggled her fingers, sticky from the marshmallow, and her
husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her. It was the
evening when Bray, Neil, Evelyn Odara, one of the South African refugees, the
Pettigrews, and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar. While Bray was
standing about in the group with the Odaras and the Wentzes, Jo-Ann Pettigrew,
having failed to get him to eat her last marshmallow, put it in her mouth and
signalled to everyone there was something they must hear. Rebecca's been to the
Sputnik and she says it's terrific now. They've knocked out a wall into that
sort of yard thing and they have dancing. With girls laid on. Neil said, Hey?
And which one of us's been taking Rebecca to the Sputnik? Laughter rose. Well,
why don't we all go, that's what I want t' know. The young Pettigrew woman was
always in a state of enthusiasm; her long curly hair had sprung out, diademed
with raindrops, because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the
spit fire. She was an anthropologist, and Bray accepted this as an explanation
for her passion for arranging excursions, on which she carried her baby tied on
her back, African style. Who was it? There was a roar again. No, no â€“ well, Ras
took her... Oh Ras, was it? Sputnik Bar, eh? So that's it, now. Rebecca Edwards
came in from the veranda, smiling good-naturedly, inquiringly, under the remarks
shied at her. She said, There're bulbs like you see in films round the star's
dressing-table, and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH. In great
confusion, there and then they decided to go. Dando refused and Vivien had to go
home to the children, and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too.
Neil insisted that Bray must come; he was one of those people who, late at
night, suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions. But when Neil,
Bray, Evelyn Odara and the South African got down to the second-class trading
area, the others hadn't arrived. They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment,
meeting music like a buffeting about the head, and then someone said that he
thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing. There began
one of those chases about in the night that, Bray saw, Neil Bayley fiercely
enjoyed. They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards
girl lived... Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark
building and called up, but there was no response. They stopped somewhere to
give a man a lift; he was caught in the lights, hat in hand; only his clean
white shirt had shown on the dark road. He answered Neil with a liberal use of
Bwana, as a white man would expect if he were to do such a thing as stop for a
black one on the road, and when he got into the car beside Bray and the South
African, sat among these black and white city people like a hedgehog rolled into
itself at a touch. Bray, back in this country once more, again aware of his own
height and size and pinkness almost like some form of aggression he wasn't
responsible for, knew that the fellow was holding himself away from contact with
him. The voices of Evelyn, Neil, and the South African flew about the car; they
passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the
trees like sleeping beasts; a donkey cropping among broken china on a refuse
mound; the colours on the mosque almost visible, the silvered burglar grilles on
the elaborate houses of the Indian sector. The second-class trading area had
been laid out long ago and haphazardly; shops cropped up suddenly, streets met,
the car plunged and rolled. 

THE WORST BIRTHDAY Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over
breakfast at number four, Privet Drive. Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the
early hours of the morning by a loud, hooting noise from his nephew Harry's
room. Harry tried, yet again, to explain. If I could just let her out at night â€“
He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia. Harry tried to argue back but
his words were drowned by a long, loud belch from the Dursleys son, Dudley. We
must feed you up while we've got the chance. I don't like the sound of that
school food Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the
kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry. The effect of this simple sentence
on the rest of the family was incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off his chair
with a crash that shook the whole kitchen; Mrs Dursley gave a small scream and
clapped her hands to her mouth; Mr Dursley jumped to his feet, veins throbbing
in his temples. I meant "please"! said Harry quickly. Harry stared from his
purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt, who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet.
Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching
Harry closely out of the corners of his small, sharp eyes. ever since Harry had
come home for the summer holidays, Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a
bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry Potter wasn't a normal boy.
As a matter of fact, he was as not normal as it is possible to be. Harry Potter
was a wizard â€“ a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry. And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for
the holidays, it was nothing to how Harry felt. He missed Hogwarts so much it
was like having a constant stomach ache. All Harry's spellbooks, his wand,
robes, cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been
locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come
home. What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch
team because he hadn't practised all summer? What was it to the Dursleys if
Harry went back to school without any of his homework done? The Dursleys were
what wizards called Muggles (not a drop of magical blood in their veins) and as
far as they were concerned, having a wizard in the family was a matter of
deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had even padlocked Harry's owl, Hedwig, inside her
cage, to stop her carrying messages to anyone in the wizarding world. Harry
looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle Vernon was large and neckless,
with an enormous black moustache; Aunt Petunia was horse-faced and bony; Dudley
was blond, pink and porky. Harry, on the other hand, was small and skinny, with
brilliant green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy. He wore round
glasses, and on his forehead was a thin, lightning-shaped scar. It was this scar
that made Harry so particularly unusual, even for a wizard. This scar was the
only hint of Harry's very mysterious past, of the reason he had been left on the
Dursleys doorstep eleven years before. At the age of one, Harry had somehow
survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort,
whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak. Harry's parents had
died in Voldemort's attack, but Harry had escaped with his lightning scar, and
somehow â€“ nobody understood why â€“ Voldemort's powers had been destroyed the
instant he had failed to kill Harry. So Harry had been brought up by his dead
mother's sister and her husband. He had spent ten years with the Dursleys, never
understanding why he kept making odd things happen without meaning to, believing
the Dursleys story that he had got his scar in the car crash which had killed
his parents. And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to Harry, and
the whole story had come out. Harry had taken up his place at wizard school,
where he and his scar were famous, but now the school year was over, and he was
back with the Dursleys for the summer, back to being treated like a dog that had
rolled in something smelly. The Dursleys hadn't even remembered that today
happened to be Harry's twelfth birthday. of course, his hopes hadn't been high;
they'd never given him a proper present, let alone a cake â€“ but to ignore it
completely. Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it. This could well be the
day I make the biggest deal of my career, said Uncle Vernon. Harry went back to
his toast. of course, he thought bitterly, Uncle Vernon was talking about the
stupid dinner party. He'd been talking of nothing else for a fortnight. Some
rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to
get a huge order from him (Uncle Vernon's company made drills). Good, good.
Dudley put on a foul, simpering smile. Excellent, Dudley, said Uncle Vernon.
Then he rounded on Harry. At eight fifteen â€“ And you? said Uncle Vernon
viciously to Harry. Now, we should aim to get in a few good compliments at
dinner. Do tell me where you bought your dress, Mrs Mason This was too much for
both Aunt Petunia and Harry. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son,
while Harry ducked under the table so they wouldn't see him laughing. Harry
fought to keep his face straight as he emerged. Too right you will, said Uncle
Vernon forcefully. When dinner's over, you take Mrs Mason back to the lounge for
coffee, Petunia, and I'll bring the subject round to drills. With any luck, I'll
have the deal signed and sealed before the News at Ten. Harry couldn't feel too
excited about this. He didn't think the Dursleys would like him any better in
Majorca than they did in Privet Drive. Harry left through the back door. It was
a brilliant, sunny day. He crossed the lawn, slumped down on the garden bench,
and sang under his breath: "Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me" No
cards, no presents, and he would be spending the evening pretending not to
exist. He gazed miserably into the hedge. He had never felt so lonely. More than
anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed his
best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. They, however, didn't seem to be
missing him at all. Neither of them had written to him all summer, even though
Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay. Countless times, Harry
had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig's cage by magic and sending her to Ron
and Hermione with a letter, but it wasn't worth the risk. Underage wizards
weren't allowed to use magic outside school. Harry hadn't told the Dursleys
this; he knew it was only their terror that he might turn them all into dung
beetles that stopped them locking him in the cupboard under the stairs with his
wand and broomstick. For the first couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed
muttering nonsense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the
room as fast as his fat legs would carry him. But the long silence from Ron and
Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even
taunting Dudley had lost its appeal â€“ and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his
birthday. What wouldn't he give now for a message from Hogwarts? From any witch
or wizard? He'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy, Draco Malfoy, just
to be sure it hadn't all been a dream. Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had
been fun. At the very end of last term, Harry had come face to face with none
other than Lord Voldemort himself. Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self,
but he was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to regain power.
Harry had slipped through Voldemort's clutches for a second time, but it had
been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept waking in the night,
drenched in cold sweat, wondering where Voldemort was now, remembering his livid
face, his wide, mad eyes. Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench.
He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge â€“ and the hedge was staring
back. Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves. Harry jumped to his
feet just as a jeering voice floated across the lawn. The huge eyes blinked and
vanished. So you've finally learned the days of the week. Dudley hitched up his
trousers, which were slipping down his fat bottom. Why're you staring at the
hedge? he said suspiciously. Dudley stumbled backwards at once, a look of panic
on his fat face. MUUUUUUM! howled Dudley, tripping over his feet as he dashed
back towards the house. Harry paid dearly for his moment of fun. As neither
Dudley nor the hedge was in any way hurt, Aunt Petunia knew he hadn't really
done magic, but he still had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his head with
the soapy frying pan. Then she gave him work to do, with the promise he wouldn't
eat again until he'd finished. While Dudley lolled around watching and eating
ice-creams, Harry cleaned the windows, washed the car, mowed the lawn, trimmed
the flowerbeds, pruned and watered the roses and repainted the garden bench. The
sun blazed overhead, burning the back of his neck. Harry knew he shouldn't have
risen to Dudley's bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been
thinking himself maybe he didn't have any friends at Hogwarts Wish they could
see famous Harry Potter now, he thought savagely, as he spread manure on the
flower beds, his back aching, sweat running down his face. Harry moved gladly
into the shade of the gleaming kitchen. On top of the fridge stood tonight's
pudding: a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets. A joint of roast
pork was sizzling in the oven. Eat quickly! She was already wearing a
salmon-pink cocktail dress. Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful
supper. The moment he had finished, Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate. As he
passed the door to the living room, Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and
Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets. He had only just reached the upstairs
landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon's furious face appeared at the
foot of the stairs. Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe, slipped inside,
closed the door and turned to collapse on his bed. The trouble was, there was
already someone sitting on it. Harry managed not to shout out, but it was a
close thing. The little creature on the bed had large, bat-like ears and bulging
green eyes the size of tennis balls. Harry knew instantly that this was what had
been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning. As they stared at each
other, Harry heard Dudley's voice from the hall. May I take your coats, Mr and
Mrs Mason? The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its
long thin nose touched the carpet. Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked
like an old pillowcase, with rips for arm and leg holes. Th-thank you, said
Harry, edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair, next to Hedwig,
who was asleep in her large cage. Just Dobby. Er â€“ I don't want to be rude or
anything, but â€“ this isn't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my
bedroom. Aunt Petunias high, false laugh sounded from the living room. The elf
hung his head. People goggled through the bars at him as he lay, starving and
weak, on a bed of straw. Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars
of the cage, laughing at him. Leave me alone. Cut it out. I'm trying to sleep.
He opened his eyes. Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window. And
someone was goggling through the bars at him: a freckle-faced, red-haired,
long-nosed someone. Ron Weasley was outside Harry's window. Harry's mouth fell
open as the full impact of what he was seeing hit him. Ron was leaning out of
the back window of an old turquoise car, which was parked in mid-air. Grinning
at Harry from the front seats were Fred and George, Ron's elder twin brothers.
Why haven't you been answering my letters? Bit rich coming from you, said Harry,
staring at the floating car. Stop gibbering, said Ron, we've come to take you
home with us. If the Dursleys wake up, I'm dead, said Harry as he tied the rope
tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car. Harry moved back into the
shadows next to Hedwig, who seemed to have realised how important this was and
kept still and silent. The car revved louder and louder and suddenly, with a
crunching noise, the bars were pulled clean out of the window as Fred drove
straight up in the air â€“ Harry ran back to the window to see the bars dangling a
few feet above the ground. Panting, Ron hoisted them up into the car. Harry
listened anxiously, but there was no sound from the Dursleys bedroom. When the
bars were safely in the back seat with Ron, Fred reversed as close as possible
to Harry's window. Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I can't get out
of this room â€“ Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry's
room. You had to hand it to them, thought Harry, as George took an ordinary
hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock. There was a small click
and the door swung open. Watch out for the bottom stair, it creaks, Harry
whispered back, as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing. Harry dashed
around his room, collecting his things together and passing them out of the
window to Ron. Then he went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the
stairs. Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough. At last, panting, they reached the
landing, then carried the trunk through Harry's room to the open window. Fred
climbed back into the car to pull with Ron, and Harry and George pushed from the
bedroom side. Inch by inch, the trunk slid through the window. Uncle Vernon
coughed again. Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it
slid out of the window into the back seat of the car. But as Harry climbed onto
the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him, followed
immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon's voice. Harry tore back across the
room as the landing light clicked on. He snatched up Hedwig's cage, dashed to
the window and passed it out to Ron. He was scrambling back onto the chest of
drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door â€“ and it crashed open.
For a split second, Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway; then he let out a
bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry, grabbing him by the ankle. Ron,
Fred and George seized Harry's arms and pulled as hard as they could. Petunia!
roared Uncle Vernon. But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry's leg slid
out of Uncle Vernon's grasp. Harry couldn't believe it â€“ he was free. He wound
down the window, the night air whipping his hair, and looked back at the
shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were
all hanging, dumbstruck, out of Harry's window. The Weasleys roared with
laughter and Harry settled back in his seat, grinning from ear to ear. Let
Hedwig out, he told Ron. She can fly behind us. George handed the hairpin to Ron
and a moment later, Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide
alongside them like a ghost. Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning he'd
given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding. There was a long shocked
silence when he had finished. "Definitely dodgy" agreed George. He saw Fred and
George look at each other. Well, said Fred, put it this way â€“ house-elves have
got powerful magic of their own, but they can't usually use it without their
master's permission. I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to
Hogwarts. Someone's idea of a joke. Draco Malfoy? said George, turning around.
He was a big supporter of You Know Who. Harry had heard these rumours about
Malfoy's family before, and they didn't surprise him at all. Draco Malfoy made
Dudley Dursley look like a kind, thoughtful and sensitive boy. Yeah, Mum's
always wishing we had a house-elf to do the ironing, said George. Harry was
silent. Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of
everything, his family were rolling in wizard gold; he could just see Malfoy
strutting around a large manor house. Sending the family servant to stop Harry
from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy
would do. Had Harry been stupid to take Dobby seriously? I thought it was
Errol's fault at first â€“ He's ancient. It wouldn't be the first time he'd
collapsed on a delivery. The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a
prefect, said Fred from the front. I mean, there's only so many times you can
polish a prefect badge. You're driving too far west, Fred, he added, pointing at
a compass on the dashboard. Fred twiddled the steering wheel. He works in the
most boring department, said Ron. Like, last year, some old witch died and her
tea set was sold to an antiques shop. This Muggle woman bought it, took it home
and tried to serve her friends tea in it. What happened? Fred laughed. He takes
it apart, puts spells on it and puts it back together again. If he raided our
house he'd have to put himself straight under arrest. It drives Mum mad. A faint
pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east. Fred brought the car
lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees. Lower and
lower went the flying car. The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming
through the trees. Touchdown! said Fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the
ground. They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard and Harry
looked out for the first time at Ron's house. It looked as though it had once
been a large stone pigsty, but extra rooms had been added here and there until
it was several storeys high and so crooked it looked as though it was held up by
magic (which, Harry reminded himself, it probably was). Four or five chimneys
were perched on top of the red roof. Round the front door lay a jumble of
wellington boots and a very rusty cauldron. Several fat brown chickens were
pecking their way around the yard. They got out of the car. Then, Ron, you come
bounding downstairs going, Mum, look who turned up in the night! and she'll be
all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car. Ron had gone
a nasty greenish colour, his eyes fixed on the house. The other three wheeled
around. Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard, scattering chickens, and for a
short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much she looked like a
saber-toothed tiger. Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them, her hands on
her hips, staring from one guilty face to the next. She was wearing a flowered
apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket. So, she said. All three of Mrs
Weasley's sons were taller than she was, but they cowered as her rage broke over
them. No note! Car gone could have crashed out of my mind with worry did you
care? never, as long as I've lived you wait until your father gets home, we
never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy It seemed to go on for
hours. Mrs Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry, who
backed away. Come in and have some breakfast. She turned and walked back into
the house and Harry, after a nervous glance at Ron, who nodded encouragingly,
followed her. The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a scrubbed
wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his
seat, looking around. He had never been in a wizard house before. The clock on
the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all. Books were
stacked three deep on the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own
Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts â€“ It's Magic! Mrs Weasley
was clattering around, cooking breakfast a little haphazardly, throwing dirty
looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan. Arthur and I have
been worried about you, too. Just last night we were saying we'd come and get
you ourselves if you hadn't written back to Ron by Friday. She flicked her wand
casually at the washing-up in the sink, which began to clean itself, clinking
gently in the background. and you! said Mrs Weasley, but it was with a slightly
softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for
him. At that moment, there was a diversion in the form of a small, red-headed
figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen, gave a small squeal,
and ran out again. Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean, which
took a surprisingly short time. Blimey, I'm tired, yawned Fred, setting down his
knife and fork at last. Oh, Mum â€“ That's very sweet of you, dear, but it's dull
work, said Mrs Weasley. And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the
mantelpiece. George groaned. Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley's book.
Written across it in fancy gold letters were the words: Gilderoy Lockhart's
Guide to Household Pests. He'll be fine, Molly, don't fuss, said Mr Weasley,
helping himself to Floo powder, too. Now, when you get into the fire, say where
you're going â€“ Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace â€“ Trying hard
to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder and walked to the
edge of the fire. He took a deep breath, scattered the powder into the flames
and stepped forward; the fire felt like a warm breeze; he opened his mouth and
immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash. It felt as though he was being sucked
down a giant plug hole. He seemed to be spinning very fast the roaring in his
ears was deafening he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames
made him feel sick something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in tightly,
still spinning and spinning now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his
face squinting through his glasses he saw a blurred stream of fireplaces and
snatched glimpses of the rooms beyond his bacon sandwiches were churning inside
him. He closed his eyes again wishing it would stop, and then â€“ he fell, face
forward, onto cold stone and felt his glasses shatter. Dizzy and bruised,
covered in soot, he got gingerly to his feet, holding his broken glasses up to
his eyes. He was quite alone, but where he was, he had no idea. All he could
tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a
large, dimly lit wizard's shop â€“ but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a
Hogwarts school list. A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion, a
blood-stained pack of cards, and a staring glass eye. Evil-looking masks stared
down from the walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter, and
rusty, spiked instruments hung from the ceiling. Even worse, the dark, narrow
street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon
Alley. The sooner he got out of here, the better. Harry looked quickly around
and spotted a large black cabinet to his left; he shot inside it and pulled the
doors to leaving a small crack to peer through. Seconds later, a bell clanged,
and Malfoy stepped into the shop. The man who followed could only be his father.
He had the same pale, pointed face and identical cold grey eyes. I said I would
buy you a racing broom, said his father, drumming his fingers on the counter.
Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor. Malfoy bent
down to examine a shelf full of skulls. A stooping man had appeared behind the
counter, smoothing his greasy hair back from his face. Mr Malfoy, what a
pleasure to see you again, said Mr Borgin in a voice as oily as his hair. How
may I be of assistance? The smile faded slightly from Mr Borgin's face. You have
heard, of course, that the Ministry is conducting more raids, said Mr Malfoy,
taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr
Borgin to read. Mr Borgin fixed a pince-nez to his nose and looked down the
list. Mr Malfoy's lip curled. The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect,
yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome. Harry felt a hot surge of anger. â€“
and as you see, certain of these poisons might make it appear â€“ Insert a candle
and it gives light only to the holder! Best friend of thieves and plunderers!
The teachers all have favourites, that Hermione Granger â€“ Not with me, said Mr
Malfoy, his long nostrils flaring. They started to haggle. Harry watched
nervously as Draco drew nearer and nearer to his hiding place, examining the
objects for sale. He paused to examine a long coil of hangman's rope and to
read, smirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals: Caution: Do
Not Touch. Cursed â€“ Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date.
Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of him. He walked forward
he stretched out his hand for the handle Come, Draco! Harry wiped his forehead
on his sleeve as Draco turned away. The moment the door had closed, Mr Borgin
dropped his oily manner. Muttering darkly, Mr Borgin disappeared into a back
room. Harry waited for a minute in case he came back, then, quietly as he could,
slipped out of the cabinet, past the glass cases, and out of the shop door.
Clutching his broken glasses to his face he stared around. He had emerged into a
dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark
Arts. The one he'd just left, Borgin and Burkes, looked like the largest, but
opposite was a nasty window display of shrunken heads, and two doors down, a
large cage was alive with gigantic black spiders. Two shabby-looking wizards
were watching him from the shadow of a doorway, muttering to each other. Feeling
jumpy, Harry set off, trying to hold his glasses on straight and hoping against
hope he'd be able to find a way out of there. An old wooden street sign hanging
over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley. This
didn't help, as Harry had never heard of such a place. He supposed he hadn't
spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire.
Trying to stay calm, he wondered what to do. An aged witch stood in front of
him, holding a tray of what looked horribly like whole human fingernails. She
leered at him, showing mossy teeth. Harry backed away. I'm just â€“ Harry's heart
leapt. Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from
the witch, knocking the tray right out of her hands. Her shrieks followed them
all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright sunlight. Harry saw a
familiar, snow-white marble building in the distance: Gringotts Bank. Hagrid had
steered him right into Diagon Alley. Yer a mess! said Hagrid gruffly, brushing
soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung
outside an apothecary's. They're ruinin' the school cabbages. They set off
together down the street. Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys.
Ruddy Muggles, growled Hagrid. Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing
at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts. She ran down to meet them,
her bushy brown hair flying behind her. Hello, Hagrid Oh, it's wonderful to see
you two again Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry? Harry and Hermione looked
around: sprinting up the crowded street were Ron, Fred, George, Percy and Mr
Weasley. He mopped his glistening bald patch. Molly's frantic â€“ she's coming
now. I should ruddy well think not, growled Hagrid. Mrs Weasley now came
galloping into view, her handbag swinging wildly in one hand, Ginny just
clinging onto the other. Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out
of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid hadn't managed to beat away.
Mr Weasley took Harry's glasses, gave them a tap of his wand and returned them,
good as new. And he strode away, head and shoulders taller than anyone else in
the packed street. Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes? Harry asked Ron and
Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps. Oh, I'd love to get Lucius Malfoy
for something What's that you've got there? Oh, you're changing Muggle money.
Molly, look! He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger's hand.
The vaults were reached by means of small, goblin-driven carts that sped along
miniature train-tracks through the bank's underground tunnels. Harry enjoyed the
breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault, but felt dreadful, far worse than
he had in Knockturn Alley, when it was opened. There was a very small pile of
silver Sickles inside, and just one gold Galleon. Mrs Weasley felt right into
the corners before sweeping the whole lot into her bag. Harry felt even worse
when they reached his vault. He tried to block the contents from view as he
hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag. Back outside on the marble
steps, they all separated. Percy muttered vaguely about needing a new quill.
Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts, Lee Jordan. Mrs Weasley
and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop. Mr Weasley was insisting on
taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink. Harry, Ron and
Hermione strolled off along the winding, cobbled street. The bag of gold, silver
and bronze jangling cheerfully in Harry's pocket was clamouring to be spent, so
he bought three large strawberry and peanut-butter ice-creams which they slurped
happily as they wandered up the alley, examining the fascinating shop windows. A
study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers, Ron read aloud off the back
cover. An hour later, they headed for Flourish and Blotts. They were by no means
the only ones making their way to the bookshop. As they approached it, they saw
to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors, trying to get in.
The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper
windows: GILDEROY LOCKHART will be signing copies of his autobiography MAGICAL
ME today 12:30 to 4:30 pm. I mean, he's written almost the whole booklist!
Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed inside. A long line wound right to the back of
the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books. They each grabbed a
copy of Break with a Banshee, and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the
Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger. She sounded breathless and kept
patting her hair. Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a table
surrounded by large pictures of his own face, all winking and flashing
dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd. The real Lockhart was wearing robes of
forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes; his pointed wizard's hat was
set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair. A short, irritable-looking man was
dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs
of purple smoke with every blinding flash. 

Yes, look at her, bunioned, bulbous, hair in bulrush rolls, butt-headed,
butter-hearted and tenacious as a buckaroo. I had seen it happen to others. I
did not want it to happen to me. Fate. A spin on the Wheel of Fortune and out I
tumbled at Jove's feet. Another dizzy round, and there is Stella waiting to help
me off. But who is turning the wheel? Honest Guv' I had both hands tied behind
my back. Neither my mother nor my father were able to cope with the 1960s.
Skirts were too short, hair was too long, and the favoured colour combination of
purple and orange made my mother look like a vampire and my father a Matisse.
They were peculiarly ill-placed for the general assault on the past that the
Sixties represented because they lived in Liverpool. Liverpool, that should have
slumbered its way through the Sixties as it had every other decade, produced the
Beatles. My parents were victims of the Merseybeat. I was born in a tug-boat. My
mother whelped me in a mess of blankets while my noctivagant father towed in the
big ships. Perhaps it was the seriousness of our business that pushed us both
into laughter, extremes of emotion so easily tumbling into their opposites. Yet
there was relief for us to find a human face behind the monster mask; the
monster wife, the monster mistress, and what about the monster man? Tell the
story as it happened. Why then did I trouble the surface? It was not myself I
fell in love with it was her. 'Are you waiting for someone?' I said. 'I was.'
'We're going to live in London,' he said. 'Why Daddy?' 'Because Daddy has a new
job.' Grandmother was here, wrapped from head to foot in woollens, her face
entirely obscured by a seaman's balaclava. She made us a cup of cocoa and my
mother swept off in a taxi. I woke up in the dazed apartment. Next to me on the
massacred bed, the order and beauty of her body. On the table beside, an
amputated lamp. Across the room was a Snow Queen's mirror, its pieces scatters
of despair. I crept from beneath the scissored blankets to the bathroom. The
white and chrome was a shrine to Chanel. A place for everything, everything in
its place. Peace. One day when my mother was taking me to school, the streets
seemed very quiet. We parked, although we were the only car on the stretch of
road, and we got out to walk slowly, hand in hand, through some flimsy barriers
of paper and string. Far away we saw some policemen waving at us and we waved
back. We heard a lorry coming up behind and my mother told me it had a
television crew on board which excited me who had never seen a television.
Anything that had been on the market for as little as ten years was unlikely to
impress my father. 'Are you happy, Alice?' 'Yes, Daddy.' It should have been fun
but neither of them was happy. When I was five my father was on pills and my
mother was on gin. I think I was happy, in the maddening determined way that
children have of being happy, and it was that happiness that worked as a magnet
on both of my parents. They were pulled by it, they wanted it, and instead of
taking it for granted, they started to take it to bits. At last we arrived at a
small diner in a beaten-up part of town. She swung inside and we sat at a
menacingly nice checked-cloth table with red carnations and a few rods of
grissini. A boy came out with a carafe of red wine and a bowl of olives. He
handed us the menus as if this was just an ordinary dinner in an ordinary day. I
had fallen into the hands of the Borgias and now they wanted me to eat. When he
stopped holding me up to the light he began to hold me up to the mirror. He
wanted to compare us, side by side, did I look like him? He had enough money. It
was his wife they were draining away. His friends interpreted the resentment as
a normal response to a difficult situation. My mother took the simple view that
a man must have his work. My father though, was not simple and he was still
aware enough to turn the mask over and over in his hands and ask what it was.
Uncharacteristically, he went to visit my grandmother. Months later, proud
complacent Zeus had a headache and yowled his way over the earth, threatening to
split the firmament with pain. It was Hermes who told him the source of his
trouble, and Hephaestus, the lame god of the smithy who took a hammer and wedge
and split open Lord Zeus's skull. Out came Athene tall strong beautiful and her
father's own. 'You must be bored there,' said my mother. But that was in the
future, and in 1959 my father was in the fullness of his present, he could do no
wrong. As the lorry came close to us, four young men dressed entirely in black
ran past. Three of them carried guitars, one had a set of drumsticks. I had seen
people dressed in black before. 'Won't hurt,' said Grandmother. 'Look at me.'
Husband and wife. Man and rib. What could be more normal than that? And now they
were having a baby. That is, my mother was bearing my father's child. It was
different when my sisters were born but I was Athene. Athene born fully formed
from the head of Zeus. My father no longer wanted herring heads. He wanted mink
and pearls and he got them. Like most men he was a transvestite at one remove;
if his wife was part of him so were her clothes. She was his rib and as such he
too wore a silk shift. He loved her clothes, loved to see her dressed up, it
satisfied a part of him that was deeper than vanity. It was a part of himself.
She completed him. She manifested him at another level. He absorbed her while
she failed to absorb him. This was so normal that nobody noticed it. At least
not until later, much later, when things began to change. Page of cups Her
kitchen had strings of onions and fat hams hanging in glorious torture from
twisted hooks in the ceiling. She smoked her own kippers up the chimney,
skewering them in pairs with discarded knitting needles. For this she kept a
wood fire. The other fireplaces were fed on coal. She had a glass-fronted
cabinet lined with jars of homemade preserve; pickles, tomatoes, pears, cabbage,
and in the middle, a baby rabbit. This was not for eating. It was an ornament.
When the wind blew and the cupboard rattled the rabbit bobbed up and down in his
transparent prison, his ears buckling slightly as they hit the lid seal. Like my
grandmother he kept secrets the way other people keep fish. They were a hobby, a
fascination, his underwater collection of the rare and the strange. Occasionally
something would float up to the surface, unexpected, unexplained. 'Tha wife's to
give birth.' She was not resourceful; her class did not allow it, and I know it
worried my grandmother that her son had found a wife who did not know how to
make a soup out of herring's heads. 'I christen this child ...' He didn't come
home that night, nor the night after. The telephone rang each evening at six
o'clock until a week had passed. My mother looked vaguer than usual and kept her
light on all night. We were supposed not to notice. Now that it was winter the
house was dark almost all day and the frost whitened the lawn. My sisters and I
played quietly in the petrified air, our breath briefly warming the frozen
spaces around us. We were waiting, waiting, watching the clock. Before we left
we went to see my headmaster. I had just started secondary school and was
restless and inattentive. The headmaster, noting that I had every advantage life
could offer, assumed that I was either a bad child or a dull one. He was too
afraid of my rugger-square father to use either of those words, at least I know
that now, but at the time I believed he meant what he said. For the next eight
years I lived shut away in the misery of his drawer. At that second the car was
rocked on every side by thousands of screaming girls. I saw their faces streaked
with tears pressed in agony against the windows and windscreen of the car. It
can hardly have lasted a moment; they realised their prey was elsewhere and
vanished as devilishly as they had appeared. When my mother got out to talk to
the policeman, the only trace of what had happened was a broken banner painted
HELP! The furniture was plain: a scrubbed sycamore table, a deep enamel sink, a
few unmatched chairs and an evil-smelling Rayburn that left soot on my
grandmother's scones. As I was ready to go with my nightcase packed, my mother
gave me a bottle of disinfectant. 'For the out-house,' she said. 'Don't tell
Grandmother.' Don't tell Grandmother. My grandmother had been an honorary member
of the secret police since she was born. It was impossible to hide anything from
her. As I came through the back door into her kitchen she frisked me from head
to foot, removed the disinfectant and gave me a pair of overalls to wear. 'Help
me clean out the toilet,' she said. I was strictly forbidden to listen to the
Beatles and Beatles music was strictly forbidden at the now monthly parties my
parents held for anyone who would come. I began to dread the parties; the
unknown women who would come upstairs to cry in a spare bedroom. The drunk and
drunker men who used to talk about the war and hold each other's knees. I
persuaded my parents to let me go and stay with my grandmother on party nights.
My mother was reluctant because she thought my grandmother was unhygienic. There
was no foundation to this, only my grandmother's absolute refusal to fit an
inside toilet or to attend any of my mother's Tupperware evenings. 'Where has
she gone?' 'Why?'And he would stare at me in that way of his, trying to see
happiness the way he could see a business opportunity. 'Mob rule,' said my
father who was thinking of moving to Southampton. Poor baby, passed from hand to
hand like a pouch of tobacco, a fresh-faced narcotic promising hope, change, at
least for now. My family are addicted to sentimentality. If that sounds cruel it
is only the cruelty of too close observation for too long. Unable to express
their feelings in the normal course of days and hours they need every legitimate
excuse to do so. They cannot say 'I love you' so they say 'Isn't she lovely?'
'Well done.' They can seem like bon viveurs, always a party in the offing, my
mother planning a new recipe for canapÃ©s even in the act of stuffing my
relatives with the ones she has just made. When they reached the docks my father
backed into a loading bay and my grandmother stepped out of the shadows. June 8
1960. Liverpool, England. Sun in Gemini. Whilst I was adjusting to this unlikely
apparition, my grandmother was doing the Twist or perhaps it would be better to
say the Wiggle, since the two mobile parts were her bottom and her head. Her
arms, bent at the elbow, were rigid in front of her, her feet were planted
apart. 'Come out,' said Grandmother. On the kitchen table was a brand-new bright
blue Danette turntable. On the turntable was a 45r.p.m. of the Beatles singing
'Help!' When we had finished scooping out the dunny, and put fresh sawdust in
the bottom to activate the new midden, my grandmother said she had a surprise
for me. She made me stand in the corner of the kitchen behind the memorial
oilskin, while she wheezed and whirred something out of the coal-hole. I could
hear a crackling and a scratching and what sounded like fluff on the end of a
record-player needle. I looked at the menu. FOOD TASTES BETTER IN ITALIAN. The
difficulty. Something in her, something in him, something that I inherited that
my sisters did not. The horse that crieth among the trumpets Aha! Why wrestle
all night with an angel when the fight can only leave you lame? Why not walk
away? Why not sleep? He had been taught to hold my head and to support my
unfixed spine, and I seem to remember sitting solemnly on his level palm, trying
to steady the out of focus vision of him, anxious, intent, gazing at me as if I
could reveal to him what he was. 'No,' said Grandmother. I grew. At nine, tall
and silent, I was unhappy. My father, who had given up his religion but not the
superstition that accompanied it, interpreted my misery as proof positive of
Original Sin. Since there could be no reason for me to be unhappy, unhappiness
must be the human condition. How could he hope to escape what an innocent child
could not escape? Like my grandmother, he had a Gothic disposition, but she had
kept her God and therefore her mercy. My father could find no mercy for himself
and offered none. 'Did he tell you that?' 'This is where I met him,' she said.
'In 1947 on the day that I was born ...' In my nightmares Time scooped up the
sea in his hood and carried it away. He stood at the end of the world and poured
the sea into space. 'There's no sea there is there?' No one will doubt that my
father had wanted a boy. He had assumed he would have a boy. Right up to a week
after my birth he continued to say, 'How is he?' My grandmother told me that he
had turned me upside down in his huge hands and held me V-legged to the light,
just to be sure that my genitals weren't caught inside. He didn't trust doctors.
The white coat and stethoscope seemed to him to be a hide-out from the world. He
resented the superiority, the authority, but of course he had never been ill.
She would be greying, she would be lined, she would be overweight, she would be
clothes-careless. She would be poetically besocked and sandalled, her eyes
behind glass, like museum exhibits. I could see her, hair and flesh escaping,
hope trapped inside. I would drain her to the sump. 'David you've got everything
you wanted.' 'What did I want?' 'Didn't you want to be somebody?' 'Didn't you?'
My parents' house was so clean it made me ill. Much has been aired about the
benefits of sanitation but less is told about the eczema of washing powder, the
asthma of fitted carpets, allergic reactions to cream cleaner, itchy fingers
round the bleach bottle, drug-out on the fumes of metal polish. Worse, my mother
had discovered nylon, so easy to wash, and ignored my athlete's foot and the red
weals between my legs where the nylon lace of the nylon knickers warred against
my non-nylon skin. Mother and daughter, secular, apart. Papa beckoning the child
in unwatched moments, taking her into his secret room, showing her symbols and
precious stones. She had navigated her parents' hostile waters with a child's
discretion, learning to keep from one the confessions of the other. Learning to
hide love. My grandmother got down a pair of kippers and broiled them for us in
butter and water. She asked me about my father, watching my body not listening
to what I said, what could I say? I loved him and he frightened me. 'My
mistake,' she said talking to herself. 'My mistake.' They did not speak of it
again. My father took his hat and scarf and walked down to the docks. There were
men there he knew, idle like him, and they envied him his money and although he
was not stupid enough to envy them their poverty, there was part of him that
regretted all he had done. They drank together. He drank alone. He wanted to go
with them to the filthy Admiral Arms but what right had he to sit in his cups
when they would be going home to cheap rations and unpaid bills? He desperately
wanted to say, 'I am unhappy.' How could he say that to them? 'Is it a funeral?'
I asked my mother. On the sixth day of his absence my mother appeared in the
dining room, in her mink coat, carrying a small suitcase. The three of us were
doing a jigsaw while the inadequate fire tried to melt the icicles that were
hanging in long spears around the room. 'I have to go to your father,' she said
and kissed us with her cold red mouth. 'Grandmother will be here.' Her stocking
seams were straight, her hair was curled, her back was upright, her waist was
curved, her legs were long, her breasts round, her stomach was flat, her bottom
was not. Black hair, blue eyes, red mouth, pale skin, and all this packed as
neatly as picnic Tupperware. There was nothing of the whore about her and this
my father liked. For the first time in months I felt my body slacken. I had been
carrying myself like a gun, cocked, alert, ready for trouble, fearing it. My
parents were rowing and when they weren't rowing they were snapping and when
they weren't snapping they were planning a party, holding a party, cleaning up
after a party. Here, shovelling human compost out of my grandmother's cloaca, I
was happy again. We stacked the rich mould around her roses and she sang me
ballads from the docks, easing her voice with regular swigs from an unmarked
tin-billy. 'Grog-blossom,' she said tapping her nose the colour of the roses.
The wind was warm, trade wind with generosity and travel in it, a wind to
scatter the ships to the four corners of the earth and although my father was
too young for ships with sails, like other water-men, the wind still excited
him. A fair find. A new world. The recklessness of the sailor that my father
loved. It was inevitable that the air should fight its war with the sea. Cargo
and passengers alike preferred to fly and as shipping costs increased air prices
dropped. My father's company, man and boy, was suffering unsustainable losses.
Trident Shipping, funded 1809, was slowly going bankrupt and taking my father
with it. He worked for a shipping company and had done so since he was fifteen.
He had started at the end of the war as an office boy and fourteen years later
was to be made a director of the line. To celebrate he made love to my mother
and I was conceived. I helped Grandmother unpack her things; a week's supply of
kippers and her Bible. I opened it at the marker and found that we were back at
the Book of Job. This meant my grandmother was in tribulation, though on this
occasion her tribulation had a kind of glittering intensity about it that heated
the indifferent house and made us excited again. Very often she said, 'The horse
that crieth among the trumpets Aha!' and I wondered what kind of a horse it was
that would do that. Undeterred, we imitated him and soon the zero house was
filled with smells and smoke and voices crying Aha! I said, 'If we were good
always would we be happy always?' It would have been better if I had been made
of nylon; easier then to soak out the miseries that were soaking in. These were
his happiest times, the times when his paperwork was done, when he could hear
his secretary rattling at the upright Remington as though it were a church
piano. He worked evenings and early mornings so that he could make a gap to slip
through, a private space after coffee and before lunch, when the piers were busy
with every kind of activity, legitimate and not. She did teach me and we did not
tell my mother or my father about the privy or the scones or the dancing lessons
or the unnamed grog or the teenage turntable in its vinyl zip case or the
happiness that was unhygienic or the sense of peace that had the smell of
buttered kippers. He had booked his old room and even packed a tie he used to
wear in those days. Red silk with little white polka dots, he never would say
who had given it to him. 'Never tell all thy love.' My father swung us up in his
arms and laughed and said we were going on an adventure. 'I'm quite sure that it
will be at least a week before the birth,' said my mother who immediately went
into labour. The glittering fish were stars. My father had heard that Cunard,
the most illustrious and prestigious shipping line in the United Kingdom, was to
be bought up by Trafalgar House Investments. Cunard had recently taken delivery
of their new flagship, the QE2, and were making money on her. My father had been
to the launch party in Southampton and met a few men he liked and who had liked
him. Two of them had been to one of his foie gras parties. One of them had
suggested he might consider a key role in the reorganisation of the Cunard
enterprise, with particular responsibility for the QE2's Atlantic crossings. For
my father it seemed like the dream again, youth again, just married again, a
place where the sea was still alive and where he too would be alive. Cunard's
headquarters were in London and in a matter of weeks so were we. She didn't
answer. She was looking back down the road. Suddenly she picked me up and shot a
full pelt back to our car. I didn't know my mother could run. I had never seen
her run. She threw me in the back seat and flung herself in after me in a whirl
of Dior and hairpins. Page of swords The idea, his idea, was a three-day cruise
to chase the comet Kohoutek, named after the Czech astronomer who had discovered
it. It was expected to be one of the brightest comets of the twentieth century,
and in some ways the cruise was the beginning of millennium fever. Religion may
lose its appeal but portents are popular. The sell-out cruise, itself something
of a foie gras, was packed with atheists looking for mystery. Unfortunately the
weather was so bad that most of the adults found their best visions in a
champagne bottle. My father was very busy and I was left alone. In 1947,
certificated and handsome at eighteen, he was given a lowly job-with-prospects
at Trident Shipping (Progress, Tradition, Integrity). All of his family had worn
clean clothes to work, that was their pride, but none had ever worn clean
clothes home. For them it had been mother with a boiling hip-bath and a packet
of soap flakes. My father went to work clean and he came home clean. This was an
endless source of satisfaction to my grandmother who never lost her own whiff of
elbow grease but delighted in the sweet smell of success. She had a long stride
though I was taller. Soon we were at the Battery. Legend has it that the Ship,
while seeking the Holy Grail, sailed off the end of the world and continued
forever. At particular conjunctions of time and timelessness, it appears again
as a bright light, shooting its course through the unfathomable universe,
chasing that which has neither beginning nor end. Sighing, he threw down his
cigarette and went inside, straightening his tie. He listened briefly. 'Yes,
yes.' Then he threw down the receiver and threw his secretary up into the air.
For myself, in the dark, watching the thin silver line speed away, I had joined
that band of pilgrims uncenturied, unquantified, who, call it art, call it
alchemy, call it science, call it god, are driven by a light that will not stay.
The Godspeed. My father at the wheel. My mother on a hard couch giving birth to
me. My mother lay with her skirts up over her face, her perfect stockings round
her ankles, her pain groaning against the heavy noise of the engine. SHE: Women
as well? ME: No. While she was talking I wondered why Jove wanted me. I had come
out dressed to kill and I was the one being murdered. My self-esteem is a jigsaw
I cannot complete. I get one part of the picture and the rest lies in pieces. I
suspect that there is no picture, only fragments. Other people seem to glue it
together somehow and not to worry that they have been using pieces from several
different boxes. So what is the answer? Is identity a deceit, a make-shift, and
should we hurry to make any pattern we can? Or is there a coherence, perhaps a
beauty, if it were possible to find it? I would like to convince myself about
myself but I cannot. The best there is are days when the jigsaw assumes its own
meaning and I no longer care what picture is emerging. By that I mean I am
unfrightened by the unexpected. If there is beauty it will surprise me. Of all
things it cannot be calculated. I said I suspect that there is no picture. I
should have said that whatever the picture is, it will not be the one on the
box. He lit every one of his distress flares and burnt up the river in a blaze
of phosphorous red. Every tug and patrol boat on the stretch surrounded us, but
far from sinking we were celebrating. My grandmother called it the Miracle of
the Sardines and the Gin. She had only fetched enough for herself but there
seemed to be plenty for everyone and so I was born, in dirt, in delight, in
water and in spirits, with fish above and below and under an exacting star. I
met Stella at the Algonquin Hotel. The Algonquin Hotel; Dorothy Parker, James
Thurber, The New Yorker, my father in 1957. He had stayed there because it
seemed so English and when he brought me to New York for the first time as a
child our reservations were at the Algonquin Hotel. My grandmother loved me
because she recognised the same stubbornness that she had gened in her son. The
difficulty and the dream were not separate. To pan the living clay that you are
is to stand in the freezing waters and break yourself on a riddle of your own
making. No one can force you to it. No one can force you away. Rhinegold, pure
gold and somewhere in the Rhinegold, the ring. Later, much later when I heard
Wagner's Ring cycle I thought of the times when I had been a very little child
and my father had taken me to watch the sunset on the estuary. He loved the gold
light dabbling the water. His mind played in it. He and his images were still
free but then the moving gold hardened around him and he began to count it. The
stories agree that in the difficulty and the dream the hero should never count
the cost. On my sixth birthday the parties started. I had a cake, presents, a
new frock. The adults had what my father called a 'foie gras'. How much can you
eat and drink without vomiting over the coffee table? Mother said: 'Why didn't
you tell me?' His was the night vessel, the vessel on oily waters, his was the
light shining in the darkness, come home, come home. On the night of my birth my
father got the madness on him and told my mother he had to go tugging. 'I'll
come with you,' she said. 'I feel well.' At the same time I realised the
absurdity of pinning anything onto a kiss. Deeper now where the water is not
clear. What patterns do the numbers make? One plus one is not necessarily two. I
do the sum and the answer is an incipient third. Three pairs of two: Jove and
Stella, Jove and Alice, Alice and Stella and under the surface of each the head
of the other. I sniffed the bottles. Here were the secrets of irresistible skin
and salt smells of pearl and oyster. Not here the floral notes of the
high-octave female. I admire the soprano singer but not the soprano speaker.
High voices like high heels are a put-on. Unfortunately only the shoes get
kicked off at night. I had dressed as a warrior: black from cleavage to insoles,
hair down, fat hoops of gold in my ears, war-paint make-up. I had a twenty-year
advantage over my opponent and I intended to use every month of it. 'What have I
made of my life?' 'He was a flirt even then,' said Stella. 'He flirted with Mama
who had a weakness for dark hair and dark eyes, even in a sevenyear-old boy.' Of
course she had not come. Of course she would not come. It had been a nerve war
and I had won. I noticed I had a terrible pain in my neck. I ordered a drink and
collapsed under a potted palm. 'May I sit here?' 'Please do. You must be
English.' 'Why?' There was a terrific rattling and thundering at the door and my
mother and father burst into the hall; she in a silver fox, he in a new overcoat
and trilby. Behind them, a taxi-driver struggled up the steps with a pile of
boxes. The little boy had been asleep and through his dreams came a sleigh piled
with furs and followed on foot by a band of wild dark men, huddled hurrying,
talking in a language he did not understand. He heard barking and crying and
from below the protesting water being drawn along the frozen pipes and into the
geyser. He woke up and ran downstairs. The chairs and tables had been pushed
back against the walls and the double doors onto the street were open. Through
the blue curtain of cold, into the orange lights, six wolves drew a sledge. The
leading pair pulled up two inches from his chest and level with it. One of the
wolves licked his face with its brown-pink parma ham tongue. Now he would be
eaten. They had begun with Genesis and were now at the Book of Job, with whose
trials my grandmother sympathised, especially since she had recently developed a
boil. 'Aren't Americans polite?' 'Only if you pay them enough.' 'The British
aren't polite no matter how much you pay them.' 'Then you and I must be
refugees.' As she read 'Who will avail me in my tribulation?' the door flew open
and my father reached down into the bath and scooped out my mother whole and
carried her off into the bedroom. Gut symmetries My father had told me about the
remoras and how the Greek fishermen in the little boats still fear him. My
father feared no remoras. We were quiet. She was looking towards the door. I
looked at her. She was slim, wired, a greyhound body, half bent forward now,
shape of her back muscles contouring her shirt, white, starched, expensive. Her
left arm looked like the front window of Tiffany's. I was not sure how a woman
could wear so much silver and sit without a lean. Her hair was dark red, dogwood
red, leather red with a suppleness to it that is part gift, part effort. I
guessed that the look of hers was as artful as it was artless. 'David shan't
like it,' she said. She gathered her things and together we left the destroyed
room. I had to follow her as she twisted the pavements under her feet. I lost
sense of where we were. The grid had buckled. The city was a bent alley and she
was the better rat. 'Then I shall be bad.' In 1957 he married my mother. She was
Irish, nearly well-to-do, the daughter of a partner in the firm who was based in
Cork. My father had seen her at the Annual Dinner and Dance and vowed that he
would marry her. For two years they exchanged letters and gifts until romance,
persistence and a promotion won the day. On their wedding night, at the Hotel
Ra-Ra (dÃ©cor: Merseyside-Egypt), my father took off his pyjamas so that his wife
could see him man qua man, then told her that he would not make love to her
until he had been made a director of the line. He put on his pyjamas again and
after a moment or two of violent shuddering, fell asleep. She took me home,
didn't put on any lights, took off her clothes and had me lie down beside her on
what seemed to be a very narrow bed. I wanted to touch her. The reflecting image
of a woman with a woman is seductive. I enjoyed looking at her in a way that was
forbidden to me, this self on self, self as desirer and desired, had a frankness
to it I had not been invited to discover. Desiring her I felt my own
desirability. It was an act of power but not power over her. I was my own
conquest. There was a wind in the room that tore the drink out of the drinkers,
that scattered the bar bottles like bottle tops, that levitated the furniture
and smashed it into the tranced wall. Waiters and waited on blew in rags out of
the door. There was nothing left in the room but she and me, she and me
hypnotised by each other, unable to speak because of the wind. She looked at her
watch. 'Are you staying here?' 'No. I live in New York. I work at the Institute
for Advanced Studies. I came here to meet ...' The legend says that Zeus lusted
after a Titan called Metis and eventually got her with a child. An oracle told
Zeus that the baby would be a girl but that if Metis ever conceived again, she
would wear a boy who would overthrough Zeus, just as Zeus had deposed his own
father, Kronos. In fear, Zeus stroked and flattered Metis until she came close
enough to kiss him of her own free will. He swallowed her. 'I'll teach you,' she
said. When the hours were golden and green it seemed as if the whole house
levitated. My father pleased with his work, my mother pleased with her home and
her children. I don't remember the exact moment of the eclipse, only a gradual
chilliness and the golden light paling yellow-pale-yellow-yellow to fade. I do
remember that my father felt cheated. His salary was insufficient, his bonus was
insufficient, his challenges were puny, his achievements were not fully
recognised. He said those things to my mother, I heard them, but to me he said,
by the sun-dial, 'I'm forty-one and the sea is dying.' He ran his finger back
and forth over the hooded Time. When he arrived home my mother was not expecting
him. His secretary had not made the instructed call. Mother was in the bath,
with bubbles up to her neck, and my grandmother, on the bath-stool, was reading
out loud from the Bible. This was their regular Sunday visiting hour, and having
little in common and less to say, they had hit on the happy idea of spiritual
elevation. My mother never listened to what my grandmother read, but she felt
she was doing her duty by her family and by God, and it saved her the trouble of
going to church. My grandmother, who was firmly convinced by the Word of the
Lord, took more pleasure in that hour than in any other of the week, including 2
p.m. Thursday when she drew her pension. As she told the story she forgot about
me. I had begun as an adversary, become an audience, and now seemed only a
footlight. The stage was hers and if she was performing for anyone it was
herself. A very good performer she was; breaking into Yiddish, into Italian,
into German, accenting and gesturing, turning now into a claque of elderly Jews,
now into a frightened small boy. I had to let go of my detachment, my
resentment. When she imitated the horse that crieth among the trumpets 'Aha!', I
was back with Grandmother again, back with the weekly visits and the
preposterous slippers, the huge full-length apron, its pocket stuffed with Polo
mints and a battered Bible. 'Yet,' said the Oilskin. No sign of her. The bar was
a chessboard of couples manoeuvring Martinis and waiters high-carrying chrome
trays. I moved in black knight right angles across and cross the lines but apart
from a few appreciative businessmen there was no one who seemed interested in
me. He would not sodomise his own wife. Instead he went to New York. As his
world darkened, the shadows in our house increased. 
