If you plot multiple charts, you will see a drop area for multi-chart fields.
This type of drop area is not displayed for single charts. Drop areas Moving
fields to the category and series areas When you move a field to the series
area, the unique items of data within the field are displayed as data series in
the chart. These series are represented by colored data markers, and their names
appear in the chart legend. When you move a field to the category area, the
unique items of data are displayed as categories, or related groups of data.
Each category consists of one point from each data series. Category labels
usually appear across the x axis of the chart, although this can vary depending
on the type of chart you are using. Moving fields to the data area Data fields
provide the values to be summarized in the chart. When you move a field to the
data area, the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in
the chart. A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel
PivotTable report. For example, when you move a Product field to the filter
area, you can have the chart display category and series values for one product
at a time. Moving fields to the MultiChart area For example, if you move the
Salesperson field to the MultiChart area, a chart is created based on data for
each salesperson in that field. In the following example, the Salesperson field
is in the MultiChart area, but it's filtered so it displays individual charts
for Buchanan and Davolio. Filtered Salesperson field in MultiChart area Moving
the category or series fields to inner or outer levels When a chart contains
multiple series or category fields, the fields that are closest to the data are
referred to as inner fields. In the following example, Year is the outer field
and Salesperson is the inner field. The inner field items are displayed as
salespeople's names, and the outer field items are displayed as the years 1997
and 1998. Multiple fields in a chart 1 Inner field items 2 Outer field items You
can expand and collapse multiple fields to show more or less information in a
particular field. For example, you can collapse the outer field (Year) in the
example so that the inner field items are no longer displayed. Chart with
collapsed field The layout of a chart does not have to include all fields that
are available from the source data. If more data is available, you can add
fields to the chart. For example, if the chart summarizes sales revenue, and the
source data also includes sales quantities, you might add the Quantity field as
a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold. You can
also remove fields from the chart layout that you no longer want to see. Impact
of changing layout on filtering Filter settings are retained when you move or
remove a field. This means that when you move a series or category field to the
filter area and back, previously hidden items are again hidden. If you remove a
field and later add the field back to the layout, the same items are again
hidden. Restricting use of a chart When you design a chart for other users, you
can restrict the user's ability to change the layout of the chart by preventing
fields from being added and moved. About the data outline The data outline
displays a tree view of the data model of a data access page. It lists the
record sources, fields, and calculated controls of a page. Because the field
list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page, you can use the
data outline to review the structure of a page. You can also select the objects
displayed in the data outline, set their properties, define and edit
relationships between record sources, and delete fields and record sources. The
following illustration shows the Orders page with two group levels. The inner
group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control
named Value. In the outer group level, the header section contains fields from
the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control
named OrderValue. Data access page with two group levels The following
illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page. Data outline for Orders
page 1 The RecordsetDef object, which contains one or more record sources 2 The
underlying record sources 3 Primary key fields 4 Data fields 5 Aggregate field 6
Calculated field About enabling the System Administrator (SA) user name in an
Access project Note The hyperlink in this topic goes to the Web. You can switch
back to Help at any time. When the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine
(formerly called the Microsoft Database Engine or MSDE) is installed on
Microsoft Windows NT computers, it is installed with Windows NT Authentication
implemented (this feature is also known as integrated security). Text fields You
can group based on the first n characters of the individual items. For example,
you can group the LastName field by first letter to create groups, such as A, B,
and so on. You can specify the start and end values for the grouping range. For
example, if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the
ShippedDate field in weekly intervals, the following groups will be created:
01-Jul-1999, 01-Jul-1999, 08-Jul-1999,. Dates prior to 01-Jul-1999 are grouped
into a single group titled 01-Jul-1999. If you also specify the end value as
31-Dec-1999, the following groups will be created: 31-Dec-1999 31-Dec-1999,
31-Dec-1999 Dates that fall after 31-Dec-1999 are grouped into a single group
titled 31-Dec-1999. Custom grouping in PivotTable view You can randomly select
items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups. For
example, you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that
run for a specific period and create a group. This would add a new row field
named Promotions 2 above the Promotions row field with two members: Group1 and
Other. You can change the caption of Group 1 to Fixed and Promotions 2 to
Category in the Properties dialog box. The Other group will contain all items
that you did not include in the Fixed custom group. You can then select all the
popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will
be captioned Popular. After you do this, the Category field will have three
members: Fixed, Popular, and Other. The following illustration shows how the
PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and
custom groups have been changed. PivotTable view with custom groups A custom
group field. Contains custom groups as its items and appears as the parent of
the field whose items you grouped. Custom groups. Appear as the parents of items
you explicitly selected to create the groups. 3 The Other group is the parent of
the items you did not assign to any specific custom group. Creating and deleting
custom groups and custom group fields You can not group items that belong to
different fields or items that belong to parent items into a custom group. When
you create the first custom group for a field, a custom group field is
automatically added as the field's parent. Similarly, when you delete the last
custom group for a field, the custom group field is automatically deleted. When
you delete a custom group that is not the last custom group in the field, the
deleted group's members automatically move to the Other group. The groups you
create do not affect source data. Moving a field whose parent is a custom group
field When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas,
the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field. If you
move the field to the filter area, the custom group fields are hidden. However,
the bound field will show the custom group hierarchy in the drop-down list, so
you can filter data by selecting custom groups or individual values. When you
move the field back to a row or column area, the custom group fields will appear
again. You can not move a field with custom groups to the detail area. Adding
and removing nested custom groups You can select two or more custom groups to
create a higher-level grouping. For example, you can group the members of the
Category field into two groups: high priority promotions and low priority
promotions. The following illustration shows how the row area will look with
nested custom groups. PivotTable view with nested custom groups 1 A custom group
field that appears as the parent of the Category custom group field. You can
also remove a lower-level custom group. The following illustration shows what
the data will look like after the Category field has been removed. Use a grid of
grouped lines as a table for displaying data In Design view of a form or report,
create a grid of lines. For example, your grid might look like following: A more
complex grid made of seven lines Click outside of the grid of lines and drag a
rectangle over the grid. On the Format menu, click Group. Move a line in a grid
of grouped lines Click the grid of grouped lines. While holding down the ALT
key, click the line you want to move. When the pointer changes to a
double-headed arrow, you can drag the line to a new location. Rules for moving
an interior vertical line If you move the line to the right, the distance
between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains
constant, and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens.
If you move the line to the left, the distance between the moving line and the
nearest parallel line to the right remains constant, and the perpendicular line
to the left of the moving line contracts. 

At the back table sat two old men in shabby clothes, one very fat and the other
very thin, intently studying the racing forms. Two empty coffee cups sat on the
table between them. In the foreground, facing the magazine rack, a young student
stood with an open magazine in his hands, staring at a picture of a naked woman.
Quinn sat down at the counter and ordered a hamburger and a coffee. As the
counterman swung into action, he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn. Did you see
game tonight, man? I missed it. Anything good to report? What do you think? For
several years Quinn had been having the same conversation with this man, whose
name he did not know. Once, when he had been in the luncheonette, they had
talked about baseball, and now, each time Quinn came in, they continued to talk
about it. In the winter, the talk was of trades, predictions, memories. During
the seasons, it was always the most recent game. They were both Mets fans, and
the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them. The counterman
shook his head. First two times up, Kingsman hits solo shots, he said. Boom,
boom. Big mothers – all the way to the moon. Jones is pitching good for once and
things don't look too bad. It's two to one, bottom of the ninth. Pittsburgh gets
men on second and third, one out, so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen. He
walks the next guy to load them up. The Mets bring the corners in for a force at
home, or maybe they can get the double play if it's hit up the middle. Pena
comes up and chicken-shits a little grounder to first and the fucker goes
through Kingman's legs. Two men score, and that's it, bye-bye New York. Dave
Kingman is a turd, said Quinn, biting into his hamburger. But watch out for
Foster, said the counterman. Foster's washed up. A has-been. A mean-faced bozo.
Quinn chewed his food carefully, feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone.
They should ship him back to Cincinatti by express mail. Yeah, said the
counterman. But they'll be tough. Better than last year, anyway. I don't know,
said Quinn, taking another bite. It looks good on paper, but what do they really
have? Stearns is always getting hurt. They have minor leaguers at second and
short, and Brooks can't keep his mind on the game. Mookie's good, but he's raw,
and they can't even decide who to put in right. There's still Rusty, of course,
but he's too fat to run anymore. And as for the pitching, forget it. You and I
could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters. Maybe I
make you the manager, said the counterman. You could tell those fuckers where to
get off. You bet your bottom dollar, said Quinn. After he finished eating, Quinn
wandered over to the stationery shelves. A shipment of new notebooks had come
in, and the pile was impressive, a beautiful array of blues and greens and reds
and yellows. He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he
preferred. Quinn did all his writing with a pen, using a typewriter only for
final drafts, and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks. Now
that he had embarked on the Stillman case, he felt that a new notebook was in
order. It would be helpful to have a separate place to record his thoughts, his
observations, and his questions. In that way, perhaps, things might not get out
of control. He looked through the pile, trying to decide which one to pick. For
reasons that were never made clear to him, he suddenly felt an irresistible urge
for a particular red notebook at the bottom. He pulled it out and examined it,
gingerly fanning the pages with his thumb. He was at a loss to explain to
himself why he found it so appealing. It was a standard
eight-and-a-half-by-eleven notebook with one hundred pages. But something about
it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold
the words that came from his pen. Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his
feelings, Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm, walked over to the cash
register, and bought it. He made it to Grand Central well in advance. Stillman's
train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one, but Quinn wanted time to study
the geography of the place, to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip
away from him. As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall, he saw
by the clock that it was just past four. Already the station had begun to fill
with the rush-hour crowd. Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies,
Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates, looking for hidden staircases, unmarked
exits, dark alcoves. He concluded that a man determined to disappear could do so
without much trouble. He would have to hope that Stillman had not been warned
that he would be there. If that were the case, and Stillman managed to elude
him, it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible. There was no one
else. It solaced him to know that he had an alternate plan if things went awry.
If Stillman did not show up, Quinn would go straight to 69th Street and confront
Virginia Stillman with what he knew. As he wandered through the station, he
reminded himself of who he was supposed to be. The effect of being Paul Auster,
he had begun to learn, was not altogether unpleasant. Although he still had the
same body, the same mind, the same thoughts, he felt as though he had somehow
been taken out of himself, as if he no longer had to walk around with the burden
of his own consciousness. By a simple trick of the intelligence, a deft little
twist of naming, he felt incomparably lighter and freer. At the same time, he
knew it was all an illusion. But there was a certain comfort in that. He had not
really lost himself; he was merely pretending, and he could return to being
Quinn whenever he wished. The fact that there was now a purpose to his being
Paul Auster – a purpose that was becoming more and more important to him –
served as a kind of moral justification for the charade and absolved him of
having to defend his lie. For imagining himself as Auster had become synonymous
in his mind with doing good in the world. He wandered through the station, then,
as if inside the body of Paul Auster, waiting for Stillman to appear. He looked
up at the vaulted ceiling of the great hall and studied the fresco of
constellations. There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings
of the celestial figures. Quinn had never been able to grasp the connection
between the constellations and their names. As a boy he had spent many hours
under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the
shapes of bears, bulls, archers, and water carriers. But nothing had ever come
of it, and he had felt stupid, as though there were a blind spot in the center
of his brain. In spite of everything, it was impossible for Quinn not to feel
glad of this. They sat there for a short time without saying anything. At last,
Auster gave a little shrug, which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an
impasse. He stood up and said, I was about to make some lunch for myself. It's
no trouble making it for two. Quinn hesitated. It was as though Auster had read
his thoughts, divining the thing he wanted most – to eat, to have an excuse to
stay a while. I really should be going, he said. But yes, thank you. A little
food can't do any harm. How does a ham omelette sound? Sounds good. Auster
retreated to the kitchen to prepare the food. Quinn would have liked to offer to
help, but he could not budge. His body felt like a stone. For want of any other
idea, he closed his eyes. In the past, it had sometimes comforted him to make
the world disappear. This time, however, Quinn found nothing interesting inside
his head. It seemed as though things had ground to a halt in there. Then, from
the darkness, he began to hear a voice, a chanting, idiotic voice that sang the
same sentence over and over again: You can't make an omelette without breaking
eggs. He opened his eyes to make the words stop. There was bread and butter,
more beer, knives and forks, salt and pepper, napkins, and omelettes, two of
them, oozing on white plates. Quinn ate with crude intensity, polishing off the
meal in what seemed a matter of seconds. After that, he made a great effort to
be calm. Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes, and his voice seemed to
tremble as he spoke, but somehow he managed to hold his own. To prove that he
was not a self-obsessed ingrate, he began to question Auster about his writing.
Auster was somewhat reticent about it, but at last he conceded that he was
working on a book of essays. The current piece was about Don Quixote. One of my
favourite books, said Quinn. Yes, mine too. There's nothing like it. Quinn asked
him about the essay. I suppose you can call it speculative, since I'm not really
out to prove anything. In fact, it's all done tounge-in-cheek. An imaginative
reading, I guess you could say. What's the gist? It mostly has to do with the
authorship of the book. Who wrote it, and how it was written. Is there any
question? Of course not. But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote,
the one he imagined he was writing. Ah. It's quite simple. Cervantes, if you
remember, goes to great lengths to convince the reader that he is not the
author. The book, he says, was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali.
Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the
market at Toledo. He hires someone to translate it for him into Spanish, and
thereafter he presents himself as no more than the editor of the translation. In
fact, he can not even vouch for the accuracy of the translation itself. And yet
he goes on to say, Quinn added, that Cid Hamete Benengali's is the only true
version of Don Quixote's story. All the other versions are frauds, written by
impostors. He makes a great point of insisting that everything in the book
really happened in the world. Exactly. Because the book after all is an attack
on the dangers of the make-believe. He couldn't very well offer a work of the
imagination to do that, could he? He had to claim that it was real. Still, I've
always suspected that Cervantes devoured those old romances. You can't hate
something so violently unless a part of you also loves it. In some sense, Don
Quixote was just a stand-in for himself. I agree with you. What better portrait
of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books? Precisely. In
any case, since the book is supposed to be real, it follows that the story has
to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it. But Cid
Hamete, the acknowledged author, never makes an appearance. Not once does he
claim to be present at what happens. So, my question is this: who is Cid Hamete
Benengali? Yes, I see what you're getting at. The theory I present in the essay
is that he is actually a combination of four different people. Sancho Panza is
of course the witness. There's no other candidate – since he is the only one who
accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures. But Sancho can neither read nor
write. Therefore, he can not be the author. On the other hand, we know that
Sancho has a great gift for language. In spite of his inane malapropisms, he can
talk circles around everyone else in the book. It seems perfectly possible to me
that he dictated the story to someone else – namely, to the barber and the
priest, Don Quixote's good friends. They put the story into proper literary form
– in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco, the
bachelor from Salamanca, who proceeded to translate it into Arabic. Cervantes
found the translation, had it rendered back into Spanish, and then published the
book The Adventures of Don Quixote. But why would Sancho and the others go to
all that trouble? To cure Don Quixote of his madness. They want to save their
friend. Remember, at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry, but that has
no effect. The Knight of the Sad Countenance does not give up his obsessions.
Then, at one time or another, they all go out looking for him in various
disguises – as a woman in distress, as the Knight of the Mirrors, as the Knight
of the White Moon – in order to lure Don Quixote back home. 

Do you know what a physicist is? Do you recognize the name of Einstein?" "Never.
Who is he?" This is too much for me. Silent, I give his case some thought.
Busy-minded people, with their head-culture that touches all surfaces, have
heard of Einstein. But do they know what they have heard? A majority do not.
These Hasidim choose not to know. By and by I open a paperback and try to lose
myself in mere politics. A dozen Hasidim in the lavatory queue stare down at us.
We land and spill out and go our separate ways. At the baggage carousel I see my
youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other. In me he sees what
deformities the modern age can produce in the seed of Abraham. In him I see a
piece of history, an antiquity. It is rather as if Puritans in
seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be
found still living in Boston or Plymouth. Israel, which receives us impartially,
is accustomed to strange arrivals. But then Israel is something else again. We
are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim, the dwellings of
serenity. Mayor Teddy Kollek, irrepressible organizer of wonderful events (some
of them too rich for my blood), takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian
Archbishops in the Old City. On the rooftop patio of the opulent apartment are
tubs of fragrant flowers. The moon is nearly full. Below is the church, portions
of which go back to the fourth century. The Archbishop is, to use an old word, a
portly man. His cassock, dark red, swells with the body. On his breast two
ball-point pens are clipped between the buttons. He has a full youthful clever
face; a black beard, small and tidy. The eyes are green. Present are Isaac
Stern; Alexander Schneider, formerly of the Budapest String Quartet; Kollek's
son, Amos; two Israeli couples whom I can not identify; and the foreign-news
editor of Le Monde, Michel Tatu. In the Archbishop's drawing room are golden
icons. In illuminated cases are ancient objects. I can seldom get up much
interest in such cases and objects. Middle-aged Armenians serve drinks and wait
on us. They wear extremely loud shirts, blue-green sprigged with red berries,
but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table. The
conversation is quick and superknowledgeable. In French, in English, in Hebrew,
and occasionally in Russian. (Tatu, who lived for years in Moscow, chats in
Russian with Stern and Schneider.) The Archbishop, who has himself cooked the
eggplant and the leg of lamb, tells the company his recipes. He and Kollek
discuss seasonings. Schneider recalls a great Armenian musician and teacher (his
own teacher) named Dirian Alexanian, editor of Bach's Suites for Cello
Unaccompanied and the most intolerant perfectionist "Just as particular about
music as other people are about seasonings. Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after
a performance of some of the suites, You made three bad mistakes. Terrible.
Casals did not answer. He knew Alexanian was right."Pale, with black hair in
abundance, Tatu is one of those short men who have learned to hold their ground
against big ones. He sits with the ease that disguises this sort of tension. His
paper is not friendly to Israel. Two or three times I consider whether to
mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position
being taken by France. I want to ask him why it wasn't printed. But I succeed in
suppressing this a triumph over myself. Besides, Tatu does not have the look of
a man whose life is easy and I don't see why I should spoil his Jerusalem dinner
for him in his diary it would probably be entered as "An enchanted evening in Le
Proche Orient with an Armenian archbishop." I decide to let him enjoy his
dinner. Seeking common ground with my wife (a laudable desire), he tells her
that he too is Rumanian by origin. He can safely say this, for his family came
to France in the seventeenth century. What is all important is to be French, or
to have been French for a good long time. And French he definitely is. But I can
see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main
course. People of real culture do not smoke at dinner tables. You never know
whom you have asked to your palace. Dostoevski, no mean judge of such matters,
thought there was much to be said for the murderer's point of view. Navrozov
extends the position. Liberal democracy is as brief as a bubble. Now-and-then
history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of
it. We forget, he seems to think, that as a species we are generally close to
the "state of nature," as Thomas Hobbes described it a nasty, brutish, pitiless
condition in which men are too fearful of death to give much thought to freedom.
If Hobbes is too nifty an authority, let us think of the social views of Jimmy
Hoffa. Or of the Godfather. Or of Lenin, as Navrozov accurately characterizes
him. And this is what America, bubbling with political illusions, is up against.
So, at least, Navrozov thinks. Perhaps Alexander Solzhenitsyn agrees with him in
part. Apparently Russians are all inclined to see us in this way. My own cousin,
Nota Gordon, two years out of the Soviet Union, says to me, "You are no match
for them. You do not understand with whom you are dealing. "Nota held the rank
of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945. He was three
times seriously wounded. He has the family look the brown eyes, arched brows,
dark coloring, and white hair. He has, besides, the gold crowns of Russian
dental art. Criminals released from prison during the war served in his company.
Nota has no swagger but he is war-hardened. There was no food sent to the front
lines. You ate frozen potatoes, you foraged, and you stole. You could depend on
your criminal soldiers to bring in provisions. "I myself had absolute authority
to kill anyone in my command. At my discretion. No explanations necessary," says
Nota. We are first cousins but he is Russian, I am an American, and in his
Russian eyes an American is amiable, good-natured, attractive perhaps, but
undeveloped, helpless: all that Dostoevski was to his fellow convict the
murderer. Nevertheless, I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans
who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless, Herman Kahn and B
Bruce-Briggs, are not impressed by Russian achievements. "Most striking is the
disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late
1950s, "they wrote in 1972. "In the foreign policy field the Soviets have had an
almost uninterrupted series of defeats and disappointments. They have failed to
extend their influence in Europe. Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with
India and other neutralist nations have gained them little. For fifteen years
the Soviet Union has been supporting the Arabs against Israel in the Middle East
and all they have to show for it is the humiliation of their proteges and the
capture and destruction of their equipment by Israel. The Arabs have shown no
inclination toward Communist ideology and their oil continues to flow to the
West. (The only other choice for the Arabs is to leave their oil in the ground.)
"I copy this out for my own entertainment a specimen of illusionless American
political analysis. These views, no substitute for common sense, are based upon
careful staff work at the Hudson Institute. The Messrs. Kahn and Bruce Briggs
say in a prefatory note that their book is "basically an organizational product.
All of the staff at Hudson have contributed in some way to this work, as have
the thousands of people with whom we have discussed these issues at meetings,
seminars, and briefings at the Institute and other locations around the world.
"What the literary imagination faces in these political times. One of the finest
Israeli writers, A B Yehoshua, speaks about this in an excellent book of
interviews, Unease in zion, edited by Ehud ben Ezer. "It is true," Yehoshua
writes, "that because our spiritual life today can not revolve around anything
but these questions [ political questions ], when you engage in them without end
you can not spare yourself, spiritually, for other things. Nor can you attain
the true solitude that is a condition and prerequisite of creation, the source
and its strength. Rather, you are continuously summoned to solidarity, summoned
from within yourself rather than by any external compulsion, because you live
from one newscast to the next, and it becomes a solidarity that is technical,
automatic from the standpoint of its emotional reaction, because by now you are
completely built to react that way and to live in tension. Your emotional
reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty, a plane shot down, are
pre-determined. Hence the lack of solitude, the inability to be alone in the
spiritual sense, and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity." During the
Six Day War, Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event, that he
was within a historic wave and at one with its flow. This was a pleasant and
elevating feeling. But today, unable to see the end of war, he has lost the
sensation of being borne upon any such wave. "You do not achieve peace from
history," he says. The feeling of being swept along and of uncertainty as
regards the future prevents you from seeing things in any perspective
whatsoever. You live the moment, without any perspective, but you can not break
free of the moment, forget the moment. You can not cut yourself off and not read
newspapers or stop hearing the news over the radio for weeks on end, as you
could six or seven years ago. "It is slightly different with us. Our media make
crisis chatter out of news and fill our minds with anxious phantoms of the real
thing a summit in Helsinki, a treaty in Egypt, a constitutional crisis in India,
a vote in the UN, the financial collapse of New York. We can't avoid being
politicized (to use a word as murky as the condition it describes) because it is
necessary after all to know what is going on. Worse yet, what is going on will
not let us alone. Neither the facts nor the deformations, the insidious
platitudes of the media (tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge
and so terrible), can be screened out. The study of literature is itself heavily
"politicized." There is a clever, persistent young woman who writes to me often
from Italy, who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a
political interpretation. A cafeteria lunch in New York actually refers to a
meeting in Canada between Churchill and Roosevelt, and a tussle with a drunk in
the hallway of a rooming house corresponds to D-Day. 

I am sorry to own I began to worry them. This was already a fresh departure for
me. I was not used to get things that way, you know. I always went my own road
and on my own legs where I had a mind to go. I wouldn't have believed it of
myself; but, then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by
crook. So I worried them. The men said 'My dear fellow' and did nothing. Then –
would you believe it? – I tried the women. I, Charlie Marlow, set the women to
work – to get a job. Heavens! Well, you see, the notion drove me. I had an aunt,
a dear enthusiastic soul. She wrote: 'It will be delightful. I am ready to do
anything, anything for you. It is a glorious idea. I know the wife of a very
high personage in the Administration, and also a man who has lots of influence
with, &c., &c. She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed
skipper of a river steamboat, if such was my fancy. I got my appointment – of
course; and I got it very quick. It appears the Company had received news that
one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives. This was my
chance, and it made me the more anxious to go. It was only months and months
afterwards, when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body, that I
heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens. Yes,
two black hens. Fresleven – that was the fellow's name, a Dane – thought himself
wronged somehow in the bargain, so he went ashore and started to hammer the
chief of the village with a stick. Oh, it didn't surprise me in the least to
hear this, and at the same time to be told that Fresleven was the gentlest,
quietest creature that ever walked on two legs. No doubt he was; but he had been
a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause, you know, and he
probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way.
Therefore he whacked the old nigger mercilessly, while a big crowd of his people
watched him, thunderstruck, till some man, – I was told the chief's son, – in
desperation at hearing the old chap yell, made a tentative jab with a spear at
the white man – and of course it went quite easy between the shoulder-blades.
Then the whole population cleared into the forest, expecting all kinds of
calamities to happen, while, on the other hand, the steamer Fresleven commanded
left also in a bad panic, in charge of the engineer, I believe. Afterwards
nobody seemed to trouble much about Fresleven's remains, till I got out and
stepped into his shoes. I couldn't let it rest, though; but when an opportunity
offered at last to meet my predecessor, the grass growing through his ribs was
tall enough to hide his bones. They were all there. The supernatural being had
not been touched after he fell. And the village was deserted, the huts gaped
black, rotting, all askew within the fallen enclosures. A calamity had come to
it, sure enough. The people had vanished. Mad terror had scattered them, men,
women, and children, through the bush, and they had never returned. What became
of the hens I don't know either. I should think the cause of progress got them,
anyhow. However, through this glorious affair I got my appointment, before I had
fairly begun to hope for it. I flew around like mad to get ready, and before
forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers, and
sign the contract. In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me
think of a whited sepulcher. Prejudice no doubt. I had no difficulty in finding
the Company's offices. It was the biggest thing in the town, and everybody I met
was full of it. They were going to run an over-sea empire, and make no end of
coin by trade. A narrow and deserted street in deep shadow, high houses,
innumerable windows with venetian blinds, a dead silence, grass sprouting
between the stones, imposing carriage archways right and left, immense double
doors standing ponderously ajar. I slipped through one of these cracks, went up
a swept and ungarnished staircase, as arid as a desert, and opened the first
door I came to. Two women, one fat and the other slim, sat on straw-bottomed
chairs, knitting black wool. The slim one got up and walked straight at me –
still knitting with downcast eyes – and only just as I began to think of getting
out of her way, as you would for a somnambulist, stood still, and looked up. Her
dress was as plain as an umbrella-cover, and she turned round without a word and
preceded me into a waiting-room. I gave my name, and looked about. Deal table in
the middle, plain chairs all round the walls, on one end a large shining map,
marked with all the colors of a rainbow. There was a vast amount of red – good
to see at any time, because one knows that some real work is done in there, a
deuce of a lot of blue, a little green, smears of orange, and, on the East
Coast, a purple patch, to show where the jolly pioneers of progress drink the
jolly lager-beer. However, I wasn't going into any of these. I was going into
the yellow. Dead in the center. And the river was there – fascinating – deadly –
like a snake. Ough! A door opened, a white-haired secretarial head, but wearing
a compassionate expression, appeared, and a skinny forefinger beckoned me into
the sanctuary. Its light was dim, and a heavy writing-desk squatted in the
middle. From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a
frock-coat. The great man himself. He was five feet six, I should judge, and had
his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions. He shook hands, I fancy,
murmured vaguely, was satisfied with my French. Bon voyage. In about forty-five
seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate
secretary, who, full of desolation and sympathy, made me sign some document. I
believe I undertook amongst other things not to disclose any trade secrets.
Well, I am not going to. I began to feel slightly uneasy. You know I am not used
to such ceremonies, and there was something ominous in the atmosphere. It was
just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I don't know – something
not quite right; and I was glad to get out. In the outer room the two women
knitted black wool feverishly. A caravan had come in. A violent babble of
uncouth sounds burst out on the other side of the planks. All the carriers were
speaking together, and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the
chief agent was heard 'giving it up' tearfully for the twentieth time that
day... He rose slowly. 'What a frightful row,' he said. He crossed the room
gently to look at the sick man, and returning, said to me, 'He does not hear.'
'What! Dead?' I asked, startled. 'No, not yet,' he answered, with great
composure. Then, alluding with a toss of the head to the tumult in the
station-yard, 'When one has got to make correct entries, one comes to hate those
savages – hate them to the death.' He remained thoughtful for a moment. 'When
you see Mr. Kurtz, he went on, tell him from me that everything here – he
glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory. I don't like to write to him – with
those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at
that Central Station. He stared at me for a moment with his mild, bulging eyes.
'Oh, he will go far, very far,' he began again. 'He will be a somebody in the
Administration before long. They, above – the Council in Europe, you know – mean
him to be. He turned to his work. The noise outside had ceased, and presently in
going out I stopped at the door. In the steady buzz of flies the homeward-bound
agent was lying flushed and insensible; the other, bent over his books, was
making correct entries of perfectly correct transactions; and fifty feet below
the doorstep I could see the still tree-tops of the grove of death. Next day I
left that station at last, with a caravan of sixty men, for a two-hundred-mile
tramp. No use telling you much about that. Paths, paths, everywhere; a
stamped-in network of paths spreading over the empty land, through long grass,
through burnt grass, through thickets, down and up chilly ravines, up and down
stony hills ablaze with heat; and a solitude, a solitude, nobody, not a hut. The
population had cleared out a long time ago. Well, if a lot of mysterious niggers
armed with all kinds of fearful weapons suddenly took to traveling on the road
between Deal and Gravesend, catching the yokels right and left to carry heavy
loads for them, I fancy every farm and cottage thereabouts would get empty very
soon. Only here the dwellings were gone too. Still I passed through several
abandoned villages. There's something pathetically childish in the ruins of
grass walls. Day after day, with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare
feet behind me, each pair under a 60-lb. load. Camp, cook, sleep, strike camp,
march. Now and then a carrier dead in harness, at rest in the long grass near
the path, with an empty water-gourd and his long staff lying by his side. A
great silence around and above. Perhaps on some quiet night the tremor of
far-off drums, sinking, swelling, a tremor vast, faint; a sound weird,
appealing, suggestive, and wild – and perhaps with as profound a meaning as the
sound of bells in a Christian country. Once a white man in an unbuttoned
uniform, camping on the path with an armed escort of lank Zanzibaris, very
hospitable and festive – not to say drunk. Was looking after the upkeep of the
road, he declared. Can't say I saw any road or any upkeep, unless the body of a
middle-aged negro, with a bullet-hole in the forehead, upon which I absolutely
stumbled three miles farther on, may be considered as a permanent improvement. I
had a white companion too, not a bad chap, but rather too fleshy and with the
exasperating habit of fainting on the hot hillsides, miles away from the least
bit of shade and water. Annoying, you know, to hold your own coat like a parasol
over a man's head while he is coming-to. I couldn't help asking him once what he
meant by coming there at all. 'To make money, of course.' What do you think? he
said, scornfully. Then he got fever, and had to be carried in a hammock slung
under a pole. As he weighed sixteen stone I had no end of rows with the
carriers. They jibbed, ran away, sneaked off with their loads in the night –
quite a mutiny. So, one evening, I made a speech in English with gestures, not
one of which was lost to the sixty pairs of eyes before me, and the next morning
I started the hammock off in front all right. An hour afterwards I came upon the
whole concern wrecked in a bush – man, hammock, groans, blankets, horrors. The
heavy pole had skinned his poor nose. He was very anxious for me to kill
somebody, but there wasn't the shadow of a carrier near. I remembered the old
doctor, – 'It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of
individuals, on the spot. I felt I was becoming scientifically interesting.
However, all that is to no purpose. On the fifteenth day I came in sight of the
big river again, and hobbled into the Central Station. It was on a back water
surrounded by scrub and forest, with a pretty border of smelly mud on one side,
and on the three others inclosed by a crazy fence of rushes. A neglected gap was
all the gate it had, and the first glance at the place was enough to let you see
the flabby devil was running that show. White men with long staves in their
hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings, strolling up to take a look
at me, and then retired out of sight somewhere. One of them, a stout, excitable
chap with black mustaches, informed me with great volubility and many
digressions, as soon as I told him who I was, that my steamer was at the bottom
of the river. I was thunderstruck. What, how, why? Oh, it was all right. The
manager himself was there. All quite correct. 'Everybody had behaved splendidly!
splendidly! – 'you must,' he said in agitation, 'go and see the general manager
at once. 

The proposal put forward by the Commission is to be welcomed from the consumers'
point of view. Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the
manufacturer's public declarations are also included in the defect definition.
Ultimately that would be a disadvantage for the consumer. They were voted down
and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino. One is the
question of second-hand goods. I believe that with this hierarchy we have solved
many of the problems for small and medium enterprises. At the same time it could
result in job losses in the labour intensive repair services sector. In practise
it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question. He is not
to blame. But on the other hand a good reputation will benefit him, both with
respect to the product and to his service. The shopkeeper will need right of
recourse which he can use to recover his costs from the manufacturer. Madam
President, I do not have a script, just two observations. That is an utterly
ridiculous assumption. But a degree of protection is not the same as absolute
cover against a host of things at the expense of something similar. What, for
instance, is 'appropriate after-sales service'? The same applies to a whole
series of other examples we can give. This is a sine-qua-non, and it would seem
unnecessary to keep stressing it. I believe that this would be a lot easier if
consumers were involved. There must be strict rules in abattoirs to maintain the
highest levels of hygiene. Good farming practice and animal welfare can not be
considered in isolation from food legislation as a whole. We have to sustain the
European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter. Please allow me to
say that the present report can be judged very positively. And I would not want
the opposite view to arise through any misunderstanding in the present report.
So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect.
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to read her speech to you.
Public opinion still has no faith in the Commission's ability to exercise
control. Mr President, the European consumer needs to have increased confidence
in food, not least after the BSE crisis. In Holland and other countries the
original nature of national identity is being stripped away in the name of
chicken and pig feed. Would that not be better than total harmonization, which
is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests, not
food quality? The framework directive is part of this process. I have just
another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect. If we are a member of an
international rights community, then we must stay with it. The vote will be
taken at 12.00 noon tomorrow. It is complicated because it deals with all nine
separately and it is necessary to submit amendments in nine sets. Upon which
safeguards are we insisting? With the help of their financial controller proper
arrangements will now be legislated for. That is the problem: you can not
comment on things that you have not read. They were set up by the European Union
for a specific purpose. Our research has shown that these agencies do not need
more controls. Let us hope, therefore, that the proposals of the Commission will
be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively. To a certain
extent, this reminds me of my previous activity in the Committee on Budgets and
in the Committee on Budgetary Control. We regret this and reaffirm our
commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a
financial impact. We take note of that, Mr von Habsburg, and I should be
grateful if you could provide us with this letter. I have it here with me, Madam
President. If that facility is available to Vice-President – and good luck to
him – is it available to other Members? Ladies and gentlemen, you are
persistently confusing the Minutes with the Report of Proceedings. I have
therefore voted against the report. The measures you described could be improved
and there are others which you did not mention. Does the Commission have any
sort of long-term policy in mind here? The situation is also explained by the
Asian and Russian crises, which also deprive the European Union of a potential
market. Secondly, a promotion campaign should be swiftly launched within the
Community to increase awareness amongst the general public and boost consumption
in Europe. The taxpayer who has to pay for it, the smaller undertakings and
species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside. Nor have I expanded my
production. What representation did the Commissioner receive from the United
Kingdom Government about this dire emergency? The whole industry is in crisis.
In a case like this, those governments that are still recommending increased
production are being irresponsible. Measures should be the same throughout the
EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage. Through you I urge the
Commission and the Council to reach decisions and take urgent action following
the meeting on 14 October. Europe's farmers need help now. That just goes to
show the possibilities in our country! But we do not take the view that
including a corresponding reference to this in a recital can produce that
result. For generic drugs at the end of a patent or other protection period are
of course useful. Further improvements were made to the proposal in the
Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection. It will be
resumed at 3 p.m. First there is the paragraph inviting the Commission to
withdraw its proposal. It is very important for us to know that. Madam
President, in the Swedish version of Amendment No-4 there is an unfortunate
mistake. It is therefore very odd that the original text has been retained in
this amendment. The authentic text is 'under certain conditions'. That needs to
be made very clear. But business in the audiovisual sector is essentially done
by small and medium-sized enterprises. Katiforis report (A4-0090/99) At some
stage in their development all SMEs experience problems arising from their weak
capital resources. Finance and mentorship should go hand in hand. If demand were
to increase, so too would risk capital, regardless of whether the markets are
fragmented or not. This document reflects our group's main concerns about the
future of the ACP-EU link. Areas vital to the health of Europeans certainly
ought to be prioritised for intensified action and initiative by the European
Union. Parliament has demonstrated its great interest in this area on a number
of occasions. Second Hautala report (A4-0029/99) However, I can not support the
reference to abortion. But the harmful psychological effects that abortions have
on women are deliberately and constantly concealed. Entitlement to free
abortions equates with women having the right to manage their lives and make
decisions about their own bodies. There is no easy answer to the painful issue
of abortion. I am thinking here, amongst other things, of issues such as the law
on abortion. This objective requires a comprehensive approach to policy making
and the mobilisation of all policy actors. To a certain extent, ensuring equal
opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable. I
would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are
basing all these amendments. Children and workers at power stations were both
studied. We have evidence, Mr President, but we apparently do not have proof.
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life. The guidelines and
exposure proposed by the Commissioner are based on those recently published by
the International Convention on Non-Ionising Radiation Protection. Mr Tamino's
proposals are therefore greatly disproportionate. There are limited resources
for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively. The
Commission's estimates of what would be health-endangering values reflect the
outcome of the research carried out. However, it is essential that the rules
should be reasonable. Electromagnetic fields and their effect on people are
subjects that have come up for debate with increasing frequency in recent years.
In point of fact, we still do not have any precise answers to the questions
which they raise. We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis,
but they should be reasonable as well. Sweden has been mentioned in the
discussion as one of the countries with satisfactory limit values. These are
concentrated rays, but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are. For
one thing, there is increasing concern, and that is undoubtedly true, on the
part of experts too. Then there is Amendment No-12. If necessary, the Commission
will act at once. We must work to end that in a sensible way. It is also hard,
on the other hand, to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their
national health systems. So what should be done? The current policy is ripe for
review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited. It is only if
the disadvantages equal the advantages that we should use the precautionary
principle. The Needle report on the European Union's new public health policy
seems to ignore this fact completely. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr
Needle has gone to great trouble with the hearing in committee. I also believe
that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts
with the Commission. The report mentions best practice and standards in health
care. That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very
glad all this has been properly understood. Unfortunately, at its last vote on
the subject Parliament approved these subsidies by a majority. But Europe will
not stand by while the world's trade rules are flouted. The dispute is becoming
increasingly bitter and is beginning to look like a trade war. The European
Union put a new and revised banana regime in place on 1 January 1999. For that
and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution. The United States
has shown that it holds negotiations in contempt. If we do not achieve our
objective of resolving this dispute, then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana
skin. 

He made a resigned grimace assuming understanding... My wife and I decided we
couldn't stick it any longer. So we try it out here. I don't know; we'll see. I
read you were coming back, there was an article in the paper, my wife Margot
sent it to me in Switzerland, so I thought it was you. You were just in front of
me when we got out in Rome. Yes, I suppose I won't know my way around when I get
into town. Oh, it's still not New York or London, don't worry. The man spoke
with an accent, and a certain European kind of resignation. They laughed. Well,
in that case, we'll probably bump into each other in Great Lakes Road. Please
Nkrumah Road. I said I should have to learn my way round all over again. The man
looked about quickly and lowered his voice. This country can do with a few more
white people like you, take it from me. People with some faith. Sometimes I even
think I'm down South again, that's a fact. I've said it to my wife. A young
black man with sunglasses and a thick, springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut
by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling
movement of authority. This way, Colonel, sir. Your luggage will be brought to
the entrance, if you'll just give me the tickets... The other man, bobbing in
the wash of this activity yet smiling at it in hostly assumption of his own
established residence in the country, was talking across the black man and the
exchange of pleasantries, tickets, thanks: at the Silver Rhino, of course, you
remember the place. Any time... we'd be very pleased... He thanked him,
listening to the two men at once and hearing neither, and followed the firm rump
in white shorts past barriers and through the reception hall. That's all right,
officer, this is Colonel Bray. I'm looking after Colonel Bray, no need to bother
him. A youthful black official at passport control said uncertainly, Just a
minute. I don't know about this... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to
take over his job said, That's okay, chum, it's our ole friend Mr. Kabata. The
luggage was not waiting at the flag-draped and bunting-swathed entrance, where a
picture of a huge Roman emperor Mweta, in a toga, smiled as he did in the old
photograph of the Gala village football team. Mr. Kabata said, What's the matter
with these people. Excuse me, I'll get a boy, and returned with the cases on the
head of one of the stringy, splay-footed peasants who had always constituted the
portering personnel. The porter addressed both men as Mukwayi, the respectful
term became servile during the long time when it was used indiscriminately for
any white man. There was an official pennant on the Volkswagen. Beside him,
Kabata's strong thighs filled the seat. It's not too comfortable for a man your
height, Colonel. The President will be expecting me to have come for you with
the Mercedes, but, honestly, if I'd have waited to get it I would have turned up
I don't know when. You know how it is just at the moment. Mrs. Indira Gandhi
arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure.
There were gilded arches over the old airport road to town; several men on
bicycles wore shirts with Mweta's face printed in yellow and puce on their
backs. He said, All very festive, but it was distraction; he had the feeling of
listening inwardly, watching for something else. The young man said, You are
from Gala district. I was. Why, are you from there? From Umsalongwe. But my
mother is a Gala. I have visited that place. Oh have you? Recently or when you
were a child? Perhaps I was still there then? I think they'll be very pleased to
see you back there. He laughed. I wonder if I'll get that far. Oh, you must make
trip the young man said proudly. I do it to Umsalongwe in ten hours. The road is
much improved, much improved. You'll see. You could make it to Matoko in, say,
six or seven. My car is a little tiny thing, a second-hand crock. Near the
bridge the women were going for water with paraffin tins on their heads.
Advertisement hoardings had gone up, there was a cement works, smart factories
put together out of jutting glassy sections and, in between, the patches
scratched in the bush where women and children were hoeing crooked rows of beans
and maize. The children (an excuse to dawdle, of course) stopped and waved. He
found himself waving back urgently, bending his head under the low roof of the
car, smiling and craning to hold their faces when they were already out of
sight. The car was approaching, was carrying him through the market quarter of
the town. Under the mango trees, barbers' mirrors set up a flash in the shade,
and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied. It was the mango season,
and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips, sucked hairy, everywhere
where people passed. The bird was on the roof of the round, thatched guest room
in the garden of his old friend Roland Dando – a Welshman – newly appointed as
Attorney-General. When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home
but servants well primed to welcome him. They gave him the African cook's
special lunch that he remembered so well: slightly burned meat soup with lots of
barley, overdone steak with fried onions, a pudding frothy on top and gelatinous
underneath, tasting of eggs and granadilla juice. Roly rang up to see if he had
arrived, and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had
an official lunch to attend. Bray's ears were filled with the strange echoes of
exhaustion and, stoked up by the hot lunch, his body threatened to suffocate him
with waves of heat. He went into the room kept darkened by drawn curtains and
slept. There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider's web
made by the supporting beams of the roof. The underside of thatch that rested on
it was smooth and straight, grey where it was old, blond where it had been
replaced, and, like a tidy head, here and there showed a single stray strand out
of place. The bird was probably balancing on the little porcelain conductor
through which the electricity wire led to the light dangling above him. The bird
was gone; he knew, almost as if the breath's weight of claws had pressed down
the roof and now the pressure was released. The sun had come round and the
curtains glowed like the sky above a fire. Bray felt he must be somewhere about;
it was difficult to imagine this time without him. It was his as much as
Mweta's. But no one seemed to have seen him, or to know whether he was, or had
been, in the capital. There were other faces from the past; William Clough, the
Governor, lifting his bristly eyebrows in exaggerated greeting at Mweta's
banquet, the way he used to do on the tennis court in Dar-es-Salaam. James, you
must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave. I daren't say dine – we're
homeless, you know... Uncle Willie's Independence Joke, Vivien said. Produces a
hearty, man-of-the-world laugh from Africans. The kind of laugh they've picked
up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil. Still, the Cloughs pursued Bray
through Vivien. Aunt Dorothy says her secretary's been trying to get hold of
you. They want you for drinks on Monday. I'd go if I were you, or she'll tell
everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and didn't want to see
them. He laughed. No, it's true She says that about me, to my mother. And she
knows quite well that we'd never see each other in London either. The Cloughs
had moved into the British Consulate for the last week or two before their
departure, a large, glassy, contemporary house placed to show off the umbrella
thorn-trees of the site, just as in an architect's scale model. The consul and
his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides,
secretaries, and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady
Dorothy's dog. There was some sort of scuffle when Bray arrived... he saw the
consul's wife, whom he had met briefly, disappearing upstairs with her head bent
consolingly to a Siamese. Flower arrangements were placed everywhere, as if
there were illness in the house. Well, the job is done, one asks nothing more
but to fold one's tents. He's a good chap, if they'll let him alone, he's learnt
a lot, and one's done what one could... if he keeps his head, and that one can't
be sure of, not even with him, mmh? not even with him. An elderly servant came
in with a silver tray of glasses and bottles, and Clough interrupted himself to
say with the sweet forbearance of one who does not spare himself, encouraging
where others would give way to exasperation, It would be so nice if we could
have a few slices of lemon... and more ice? Yes, all I've said to Mweta, again
and again... make your own pace. Make your own pace and stick to it. He knows
his own mind but he's not an intransigent fellow at all... well, of course, you
know. Some time ago... a word in your ear, I said, you'd be unwise to lose
Brigadier Radcliffe. Well, they've been clamouring away, of course, but he's
refused to touch the army. Oh, I think I can say we've come out of it quite good
friends. It was a modest disclaimer, with the effect of assuming in common the
ease with Africans that he believed Bray to have. He looked pleasantly into the
martini jug and put it down again patiently. The elderly servant who brought ice
and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala
people wore. That's perfect. Thank you so much. Bray greeted the servant in Gala
with the respectful form of address for elders and the man dumped the
impersonality of a servant as if it had been the tray in his hands and grinned
warmly, showing some pigmentation abnormality in a pink inner lip spotted like a
Dalmatian. The ex-Governor looked on, smiling. The servant bowed confusedly at
him, walking backwards, in the tribal way before rank, and then recovering
himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope. I'll pour Dorothy's martini
as well, maybe that'll bring her. If only one could be transported on a magic
carpet... anyway, we shall have three months in London now, with perhaps a week
or two in Ireland. What've you been doing all these years in your ivory tower in
Wiltshire? Were you a golfer, I can't quite remember...? Dorothy Clough came in
and Clough cried out, Does it fit? Come and have a drink with James... My dear
James... it must be a hundred years... We've had a crate made to transport
Fritzi, and she's been trying it on him. My niece Vivien found a carpenter. She
has the most extraordinary contacts, that girl. It's very useful! William Clough
took a pecking sip at his martini. He said with gallant good humour, Reposting
was child's play compared with this. One has had to learn how to camp out... I'm
sure it's terribly good, keeps the mind flexible. Denis thinks your angle lamp's
been left at Government House, did he tell you? Dorothy Clough sat forward in
her chair, as if she had alighted only for a moment. For heaven's sake, let them
have it, it's someone else's turn to burn the midnight oil there, now... wha'd'
you say, James... Roly Dando asked with grudging interest about the visit. He's
never been sent anywhere where there was anything left to do, he said. Clough
only goes in for the last year, after self-government's been granted and the
date for independence's been given. An early date. Bray was slightly embarrassed
by gossip, when quite sober, and said hesitantly, smiling, The impression was
that he and his wife were slipping away quietly after the field of battle. Since
he arrived eighteen months ago there's been damn all for him to do except go
fishing up at Rinsala. At the Pettigrews' house that night, Dando's voice came
from the group round someone basting a sheep on the home-made spit:... damn all
except go fishing with his secretary acting ghillie... Rebecca Edwards had just
told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis, the Pettigrews' Greek friend, was furious
with her because she'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his
sheep... If I were Felix I'd make you go back home and get it, my girl, Neil
said, and the look of inattentive exhaustion on her rather heavy young face
moved Bray in fellow-feeling to distract attention from her, saying, My God, I'm
afraid I behaved like a child at Cloughs'! I showed off by making a point of
speaking to the servant in Gala. Neil and Rebecca Edwards laughed. Poor Uncle
Willie. He was quite a nice young man in Dar-es-Salaam. He took Swahili lessons
conscientiously and he certainly spoke it better than I did. 

To his horror, the elf burst into tears – very noisy tears. S-sit down! he
wailed. Harry thought he heard the voices downstairs falter. Harry, trying to
say Shh! and look comforting at the same time, ushered Dobby back onto the bed
where he sat hiccoughing, looking like a large and very ugly doll. At last he
managed to control himself, and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an
expression of watery adoration. You can't have met many decent wizards, said
Harry, trying to cheer him up. Dobby shook his head. Hedwig had woken up with a
particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of
her cage. Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir. Dobby shuddered. Oh no,
sir, no Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously for coming to see you,
sir. Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this. Dobby is always
having to punish himself for something, sir. They lets Dobby get on with it,
sir. But why don't you leave? And the family will never set Dobby free. Harry
stared. This makes the Dursleys sound almost human. Can't anyone help you?
Almost at once, Harry wished he hadn't spoken. Dobby dissolved again into wails
of gratitude. Dobby has heard of your greatness, sir, but of your goodness,
Dobby never knew But he stopped quickly, because thinking about Hermione was
painful. Voldemort? said Harry. He stopped again. Thinking about Ron was
painful, too. Dobby leaned towards Harry, his eyes wide as headlamps. Dobby
heard tell, he said hoarsely, that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second
time just weeks ago. that Harry Potter escaped yet again. Harry nodded and
Dobby's eyes suddenly shone with tears. He has braved so many dangers already!
But Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to
shut his ears in the oven door later. There was a silence broken only by the
chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle
Vernon's voice. But I've got to go back – term starts on September the first.
It's all that's keeping me going. You don't know what it's like here. I don't
belong here. He is too great, too good, to lose. "Why?" said Harry in surprise.
Harry Potter must not put himself in peril. What terrible things? said Harry at
once. Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head madly against
the wall. A sudden, unpleasant thought struck him. Hang on – this hasn't got
anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who, has it? Slowly, Dobby shook
his head. But Dobby's eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry a
hint. Harry, however, was completely at sea. Dobby shook his head, his eyes
wider than ever. Dobby bowed his head. Albus Dumbledore is the greatest
Headmaster Hogwarts has ever had. Dobby knows it, sir. Dobby has heard
Dumbledore's powers rival those of He Who Must Not Be Named at the height of his
strength. And before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed, seized
Harry's desk lamp, and started beating himself around the head with
ear-splitting yelps. A sudden silence fell downstairs. What – the – devil – are
– you – doing? said Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth, his face horribly close
to Harry's. He stomped flat-footed from the room. Shaking, Harry let Dobby out
of the wardrobe. Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter? said Dobby slyly.
Dobby shuffled his feet. Dobby has them here, sir, said the elf. Stepping nimbly
out of Harry's reach, he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the
pillowcase he was wearing. Harry could make out Hermione's neat writing, Ron's
untidy scrawl and even a scribble that looked as though it was from the Hogwarts
gamekeeper, Hagrid. The moment she saw Harry, Ginny accidentally knocked her
porridge bowl to the floor with a loud clatter. Ginny seemed very prone to
knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room. She dived under the table to
retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun.
Pretending he hadn't noticed this, Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley
offered him. For a few minutes there was silence as they all read their letters.
Harry's told him to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King's Cross
station on September the first. There was also a list of the new books he'd need
for the coming year. SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE: The Standard Book of
Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart
Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart
Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy
Lockhart Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart Year with the Yeti by
Gilderoy Lockhart Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at Harry's.
The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan – bet it's a witch.
At this point, Fred caught his mother's eye and quickly busied himself with the
marmalade. Oh, are you starting at Hogwarts this year? Harry asked Ginny. She
nodded, blushing to the roots of her flaming hair, and put her elbow in the
butter dish. Fortunately no one saw this except Harry, because just then Ron's
elder brother Percy walked in. He was already dressed, his Hogwarts prefect
badge pinned to his knitted tank top. He sat down in the only remaining chair
but leapt up again almost immediately, pulling from underneath him a moulting,
grey feather duster – at least, that was what Harry thought it was, until he saw
that it was breathing. I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you
from the Dursleys. Then he ripped open Hermione's letter and read it out loud:
Dear Ron, and Harry if you're there, I hope everything went all right and that
Harry is okay and that you didn't do anything illegal to get him out, Ron,
because that would get Harry into trouble, too. I've been really worried and if
Harry is all right, will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it would be
better if you used a different owl, because I think another delivery might
finish your one off. I'm very busy with schoolwork, of course – – and we're
going to London next Wednesday to buy my new books. Why don't we meet in Diagon
Alley? Let me know what's happening as soon as you can, love from Hermione.
Harry, Ron, Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock
the Weasleys owned. It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the
village below, meaning that they could practise Quidditch there, as long as they
didn't fly too high. They couldn't use real Quidditch balls, which would have
been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village;
instead they threw apples for each other to catch. They took turns to ride
Harry's Nimbus Two Thousand, which was easily the best broom; Ron's old Shooting
Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies. Five minutes later they were
marching up the hill, broomsticks over their shoulders. They had asked Percy if
he wanted to join them, but he had said he was busy. Harry had only seen Percy
at meal-times so far; he stayed shut in his room the rest of the time. Wish I
knew what he was up to, said Fred, frowning. If we're not careful, we'll have
another Head Boy in the family. I don't think I could stand the shame. Bill was
the oldest Weasley brother. He and the next brother, Charlie, had already left
Hogwarts. Harry had never met either of them, but knew that Charlie was in
Romania, studying dragons, and Bill in Egypt, working for the wizard's bank,
Gringotts. Harry said nothing. He felt a bit awkward. Stored in an underground
vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him.
of course, it was only in the wizarding world that he had money; you couldn't
use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts in Muggle shops. He had never mentioned his
Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys; he didn't think their horror of anything
connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold. Mrs Weasley woke
them all early the following Wednesday. After a quick half-a-dozen bacon
sandwiches each, they pulled on their coats and Mrs Weasley took a flowerpot off
the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside. We'll have to buy some more today ah
well, guests first! And she offered him the flowerpot. Harry stared at them all
watching him. Never? said Mr Weasley. How exactly – He took a pinch of
glittering powder out of the flowerpot, stepped up to the fire, and threw the
powder into the flames. With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose
higher than Fred, who stepped right into it, shouted, Diagon Alley! and
vanished. 

We lived in a big light spacious well-windowed generous house, designed by
Lutyens. My father had bought it for my mother in a grand gesture of love and
pride. Not for her a poky terrace with a dog kennel and an outside toilet. The
garden shrubbed and green had a noose of trees all round it and in the centre of
the rolled lawn was a Victorian sun-dial of granite and slate. At the bottom of
the dial was the hooded figure of Time scything the hours, but at the top, over
the position of the twelve was an angel with a trumpet bearing the inscription
'Aliquem alium internum'. I did not know what this meant and when I was able to
translate it I did not understand it. Later it came to mean a great deal to me
but that is not yet. His own family were Liverpool limeys; had always worked the
docks, the boats, in the Navy or as Merchant seamen. The women had worked in the
clutter of cargo offices up and down the quays. His mother, my grandmother, had
been the Official Polisher of Brass Plaques and some said that when she had
finished her Friday round the shine of it was so bright that it tipped the waves
like a skimming stone and could still be seen in the harbour of New York. 'The
other way round.' He had been made a Director of the Line. Yes. No. The clock
ticking and the smell of buttered kippers. The young man out of his mother's
body and wearing his father's clothes. Be someone. Be someone. Redeem history.
Make our lives not an endless sacrifice but a gathering of energy, the strength
to jump, but we fall, until you who leap and do not fall. Then we see what we
were for, the single stuttered words gain the momentum of narrative. This is the
story of a humble family who became a name. My son David whose father
grandfather and great-grandfather unto the sixth generation worked the docks. My
son David, rich, respected, powerful, a man. My son David whose eyes have the
shine of them. My son David pulling history home. When she was eleven, Papa
died. Within three months Mother in a little black suit, child in black warm
coat, took ship to Hamburg and re-settled in Berlin. The books and the bookshop
had been sold and the secret room was empty. My grandmother was singing a hymn,
essentially praising God but effectively preventing my father from hearing what
was happening. It was a quick birth and when I was laid on my mother's breast,
my grandmother ate a sandwich and went to tell my father that he had the
pleasure of a daughter. It was what Jove had said a few months ago when he had
been holding my wrist, too tightly, across a restaurant table. She was still
holding my hand and what I did was outside of anything I had imagined I would
do. I leaned across the narrow table and kissed her. My head was engaged and I
was pushing out of my mother's chthonic underworld into my father's world of
difficulty and dream. I never expected to go back down again. When she ate her
scones she left a snail-trail of soot along her upper lip. Her neighbour called
her 'Blackmouth'. My grandmother called her neighbour 'Stinkpad' but otherwise
they were friendly, exchanging handkerchiefs and soap at Christmas. Cowardice
bedshares with arrogance. I was afraid and I wanted to bluff my way out. The
kiss was a smoke bomb to cause confusion and distract attention. I thought she
might slap me. I thought she would rush away. In fact she did nothing. Asked her
question and did nothing. I started to re-eat my cold pasta. I would have been
glad to climb into the plate and cover myself in clam sauce. I was at the age of
making lists but the lists I made were correspondences, half true and altogether
fanciful, of the earth the sea and the sky. Perhaps I was trying to hold
together my own world that was in so much danger of falling away. Perhaps I
wanted order where there was none. As the QE2 floated so confidently on the
waters I thought of the Titanic, ghostly and abandoned beneath, and somewhere
above, in the secretive blackness, the Ship of Fools navigating the stars. Was
it the comet? Accordingly, my father put on his Jolly Jack Tars and my mother
wrapped herself up in her mink coat. In those days their car was a three-litre
Rover, really, a leather three-piece suite and cocktail cabinet on wheels. My
father purred down to the docks looking like a criminal, while my mother fixed
herself a strictly forbidden gin and tonic in the back. Page of Cups. Young
hopeful of the Tarot deck. My identity card. When Stella kissed me I remember
thinking, 'This is not allowed.' I was glad of the fog and the dark because I
knew that if anyone saw us, the totality of our lives; history, complexity,
nationality, intelligence, age, achievement, status, would be shrunk up to the
assumptions of our kiss. Whoever saw us would say, 'There's a couple of ...',
and this kiss, tentative, ambivalent, would become a lock and key. 'David,' she
said. She was wearing a black oilskin that had been her husband's. It hung on
her from head to foot, so much so that she seemed less to be wearing a rainproof
than to be in the grip of a monster from the Deep. She and I would be
approaching the place from opposite ends of town. I imagined her, angry,
confident, ready to match me and beat me at my own game. This was the big fight
and Jove the prize. When I told him she had written to me he had decided to
visit friends for the weekend. At the same time I realised that I would like to
do much more kissing if it were not so complicated. So complicated. My first
serious emotion was for a married man. My first experience of authentic desire
was with a married woman. You see, I did want to kiss her. That was what
surprised me most of all. As he gossiped and lounged the noise of the Remington
stopped. His secretary came out from the low line of offices that huddled to the
waterfront. There was an urgent call for him. Would he step inside at once? My
father loved the sea and should have been an active seaman but there were more
opportunities indoors for a bright boy who had a way about him. He compensated
by wheedling his way onto the tugs, and because there was still an
apprenticeship mentality about the Company, his oddity was tolerated. What harm
could it do and wasn't all experience useful? Besides, he did it in his own time
and it made him popular with the men. Meanwhile, in a maze of soggy sheets and
copies of Woman's Weekly, my father speared my mother on his manhood. It was a
shining morning, he was leaning on the harbourside rail, watching the cranes
load the ships. The world poured through his fingers; spices, wine, tea, green
bananas, coconuts, American golf clubs, blankets made of wool with satin hemmed
round the edges. Today they were loading nylon stockings, Monroe look-alikes
stamped all over the cardboard boxes. 'I came here to meet ...' He had risen in
the world and now he was going to prove it. On board my grandmother unpacked her
carpet bag. She set out a pile of clean rags, the ones she used for polishing
the brass plaques, a bottle of cooking brandy, a bottle of iodine, a primus
stove, a cylinder of water, a kitchen knife, a packet of sandwiches, a little
blanket from the dog's box, her spectacles and the Bible, now open towards the
end of the Psalms. This done, she took off her oilskin and pegged it over the
hatch. I had her letter in my pocket. The careful handwriting. The instruction
to obey. 'I will meet you on Wednesday the 12th at 6:30 p.m. in the bar at the
Algonquin Hotel.' He knew the gangmen and the loaders and the truck drivers and
the harbour pilots, and as he leaned on his rail, watching, sometimes waving,
other men joined him, lit a cigarette, told him the news and with a slap on the
back, moved on. The easy fraternity of working men was comfortable to him. No
one here asked him what school he had attended. 'Is something wrong?' said my
father. My father used to tell me I had an octopus-complex. 'Must you try and do
eight things at once?' I used to imagine that there was an octopus, hooded,
ancient, floating in the limp waters of my body, reaching out, dark and blind,
using the tentacles to probe what stood outside it. Analogies fail, but I am
capable of behaving like an eight-armed cephalopod while protesting the
innocence of my two hands on the table. His father, my grandfather, was killed
in a war farce when an American torpedo scuppered the wrong boat. As a result,
my grandmother was paid a sizeable pension and was able to have her wild strong
son privately educated. She poured her money into him as though he were a
treasure chest. He learned well, looked well, and if anyone questioned him about
his Mersey terrace two up two down he simply knocked them out. Throughout his
life my father has dealt with difficult questions by knocking them out. What is
unconscious does not speak and that included the hidden part of himself. She had
been well educated and taught to conceal it. She never gave up singing and
playing the piano and she never gave up her watercolours. The rest of the mind
she disposed of at marriage and did not think to ask my father what he had done
with it. Why had she chosen here? Here it was. Five minutes to spare. The
cruelty of time. Did I say that? No she did. I sometimes think my personality is
a troopship's atoll; invade me. And so the three of them climbed aboard the
Godspeed and chugged into the dark. When I was born the waters were still alive.
My father too, was still alive, strong and burly, as wide as he was tall, with
an enormous chest that looked as though it could tow the cargo boats itself. We
cooked breakfast in the remains of the frying pan and ate our food standing up,
looking out of the window over to the park. 
