Distribution of this license does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Creative Commons provides this information on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons
makes no warranties regarding the information provided, and disclaims liability
for damages resulting from its use. License. The work is protected by copyright
and/or other applicable law. By exercising any rights to the work provided here,
you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license. The Licensor
grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such
terms and conditions. A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be
considered a Derivative Work (as defined below) for the purposes of this
License. "Work" means the copyrightable work of authorship offered under the
terms of this License. Attribution, ShareAlike. 2. Fair Use Rights. 3. License
Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby
grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration
of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as
stated below: to reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work into one or more
Collective Works, and to reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Collective
Works; to create and reproduce Derivative Works; to distribute copies or
phonorecords of, display publicly, perform publicly, and perform publicly by
means of a digital audio transmission the Work including as incorporated in
Collective Works; to distribute copies or phonorecords of, display publicly,
perform publicly, and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission
Derivative Works. For the avoidance of doubt, where the work is a musical
composition: The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether
now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such
modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media
and formats. All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited
by the following restrictions: You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work
that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients' exercise of
the rights granted. You may not sublicense the Work. You must keep intact all
notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties. You may
not distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally
perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of
the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement. The
above applies to the Work as incorporated in a Collective Work, but this does
not require the Collective Work apart from the Work itself to be made subject to
the terms of this License. If You create a Collective Work, upon notice from any
Licensor You must, to the extent practicable, remove from the Collective Work
any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author, as requested. If You
create a Derivative Work, upon notice from any Licensor You must, to the extent
practicable, remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or
the Original Author, as requested. You may distribute, publicly display,
publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform a Derivative Work only under the
terms of this License, a later version of this License with the same License
Elements as this License, or a Creative Commons iCommons license that contains
the same license Elements as this license (e.g. Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0
Japan). You may not offer or impose any terms on the Derivative Works that alter
or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients' exercise of the rights
granted hereunder, and You must keep intact all notices that refer to this
License and to the disclaimer of warranties. You may not distribute, publicly
display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform the Derivative Work
with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a
manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement. The above applies
to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work, but this does not
require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made
subject to the terms of this License. the title of the Work if supplied; to the
extent reasonably practicable, the Uniform Resource Identifier, if any, that
Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work, unless such URI does not
refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work; and in the
case of a Derivative Work, a credit identifying the use of the Work in the
Derivative Work (e.g., "French translation of the Work by Original Author," or
"Screenplay based on original Work by Original Author"). Such credit may be
implemented in any reasonable manner; provided, however, that in the case of a
Derivative Work or Collective Work, at a minimum such credit will appear where
any other comparable authorship credit appears and in a manner at least as
prominent as such other comparable authorship credit. 5. Representations,
Warranties and Disclaimer. 6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT
REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY
LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. This License and the rights
granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the
terms of this License. Individuals or entities who have received Derivative
Works or Collective Works from You under this License, however, will not have
their licenses terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full
compliance with those licenses. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will survive any
termination of this License. Subject to the above terms and conditions, the
license granted here is perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright
in the Work). Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release
the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any
time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this
License (or any other license that has been, or is required to be, granted under
the terms of this License), and this License will continue in full force and
effect unless terminated as stated above. 8. Miscellaneous. Each time You
distribute or publicly digitally perform the Work or a Collective Work, the
Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same terms and
conditions as the license granted to You under this License. Each time You
distribute or publicly digitally perform a Derivative Work, Licensor offers to
the recipient a license to the original Work on the same terms and conditions as
the license granted to You under this License. No term or provision of this
License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or
consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such
waiver or consent. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings,
agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified here.
Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any
communication from You. This License may not be modified without the mutual
written agreement of the Licensor and You. Creative Commons will not be liable
to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including
without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages
arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2)
sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor
hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor. Except for the
limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the
CCPL, neither party will use the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related
trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of
Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons'
then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or
otherwise made available upon request from time to time. Creative Commons may be
contacted at http: Resumption of the session. I declare resumed the session of
the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999, and I would like
once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant
festive period. In the meantime, I should like to observe a minute's silence, as
a number of Members have requested, on behalf of all the victims concerned,
particularly those of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the
European Union. Please rise, then, for this minute's silence. (The House rose
and observed a minute's silence). Madam President, on a point of order. You will
be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb
explosions and killings in Sri Lanka. One of the people assassinated very
recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who had visited the European
Parliament just a few months ago. Would it be appropriate for you, Madam
President, to write a letter to the Sri Lankan President expressing Parliament's
regret at his and the other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging her to do
everything she possibly can to seek a peaceful reconciliation to a very
difficult situation? If the House agrees, I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested.
Madam President, on a point of order. I would like your advice about Rule 143
concerning inadmissibility. My question relates to something that will come up
on Thursday and which I will then raise again. I believe that the principle of
relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries
policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible. I want to
know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report,
not a legislative proposal, and whether that is something I can competently do
on Thursday. that is precisely the time when you may, if you wish, raise this
question, i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report.
Madam President, coinciding with this year's first part-session of the European
Parliament, a date has been set, unfortunately for next Thursday, in Texas in
America, for the execution of a young 34 year-old man who has been sentenced to
death. However, I would ask you, in accordance with the line which is now
constantly followed by the European Parliament and by the whole of the European
Community, to make representations, using the weight of your prestigious office
and the institution you represent, to the President and to the Governor of
Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order a stay of execution and to reprieve
the condemned person. This is all in accordance with the principles that we have
always upheld. Thank you, Mr Segni, I shall do so gladly. Indeed, it is quite in
keeping with the positions this House has always adopted. Madam President, I
should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has
consistently shown an interest. All of us here are pleased that the courts have
acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia, too, access to environmental
information is a constitutional right. Now, however, he is to go before the
courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing. We know, and we
have stated as much in very many resolutions indeed, including specifically
during the last plenary part-session of last year, that this is not solely a
legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal
activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his
findings. These findings form the basis of the European programmes to protect
the Barents Sea, and that is why I would ask you to examine a draft letter
setting out the most important facts and to make Parliament's position, as
expressed in the resolutions which it has adopted, clear as far as Russia is
concerned. Yes, Mrs Schroedter, I shall be pleased to look into the facts of
this case when I have received your letter. Madam President, I would firstly
like to compliment you on the fact that you have kept your word and that, during
this first part-session of the new year, the number of television channels in
our offices has indeed increased considerably. But, Madam President, my personal
request has not been met. I would therefore once more ask you to ensure that we
get a Dutch channel as well. Mrs Plooij-Van Gorsel, I can tell you that this
matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors' meeting on Wednesday. It will, I
hope, be examined in a positive light. Madam President, can you tell me why this
Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually
passes? Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since
we were elected? Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since
1998? Why has there been no fire drill, either in the Brussels Parliament
buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings? Why are there no fire
instructions? Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident? Why
are no-smoking areas not enforced? Mrs Lynne, you are quite right and I shall
check whether this has actually not been done. I shall also refer the matter to
the College of Quaestors, and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that
we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on. Madam President, Mrs Díez
González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice-President,
Mrs De Palacio, which appeared in a Spanish newspaper. The competent services
have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered
in a previous part-session. The questions answered previously referred to Mrs De
Palacio's intervention, on another occasion, and not to these comments which
appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18 November. I admit that, at present, the
matter seems to be somewhat confused. We shall therefore look into it properly
to ensure that everything is as it should be. Madam President, I should like to
know if there will be a clear message going out from Parliament this week about
our discontent over today's decision refusing to renew the arms embargo on
Indonesia, considering that the vast majority in this Parliament have endorsed
the arms embargo in Indonesia in the past? Today's decision not to renew the
embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there. So Parliament
should send a message, since that is the wish of the vast majority. It is
irresponsible of EU Member States to refuse to renew the embargo. As people have
said, the situation there is extremely volatile. We do not know what is
happening. In any event, this question is not presently included among the
requests for topical and urgent debate on Thursday. Madam President, the
presentation of the Prodi Commission's political programme for the whole
legislature was initially a proposal by the Group of the Party of European
Socialists which was unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in
September and which was also explicitly accepted by President Prodi, who
reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech. This commitment is important
because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance
with the Treaties and, therefore, basically dictates this Parliament's political
and legislative activity for the next five years. I would also like to point
out, Madam President, that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in
President Prodi during the previous legislature. It did so again during this
legislature, in July, and then, in September, it voted once more to approve the
whole Commission. There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to
prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to
our citizens. To this end, I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15
September, which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible.
The events of last week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents,
that Conference being used simply to corroborate and ratify decisions taken
elsewhere - present us with a dilemma. According to its President, it is in a
position to do so. My Group believes that since a Parliament is meant to listen,
debate and reflect, there can be no justification whatsoever for this delay and
we believe that, if the Commission is ready to do so, we still have time to
re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and
proceed in a manner which fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens. on the
pretext that there is no text, on the one hand, the President of the Commission
would be denied his right to speak in this Parliament and, on the other hand,
there would be a debate on a reform when Parliament had no prior knowledge of
the texts on which it is based. Therefore, Madam President, I would ask you to
request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then
proceed to the vote. (Applause from the PSE Group). I was told that large
sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item taken off the
agenda, because at the vote in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received
from the working group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this
matter. I do not know whether this information is correct, but the PPE-DE Group
would, in any case, be grateful if this item were removed because Parliament has
addressed this issue several times already. Decisions have also been adopted
against a tax of this kind. That is why my Group moves that this item be taken
off the agenda. Thank you, Mr Poettering. We shall now hear Mr Wurtz speaking
against this request. Madam President, I would firstly like to point out Mr
Poettering's lack of logic. It is not a lot to ask. We shall proceed to vote on
the PPE-DE Group's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be
withdrawn from the agenda. (Parliament rejected the request, with 164 votes for,
166 votes against and 7 abstentions). Madam President, I would like to thank Mr
Poettering for advertising this debate. Thank you very much. My vote was "in
favour". Madam President, the Presidency has already declared the result of the
vote. There is no room for amendments. Madam President, in the earlier vote -
and I will abide by your ruling on this matter - on the question of the
strategic plan of the Commission I indicated that I would like to speak in
advance of the vote on behalf of my Group. I would appreciate it if, on the
close of this item of business, I might be allowed to give an explanation of
vote on behalf of my Group. This is an important matter. Madam President, I do
not wish to reopen the debate, but I had also asked for the floor, to comment on
Mr Barón Crespo's motion. You did not call me either. I regret this, but the
vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter
there. Even so, I think the positions are quite clear and they shall be entered
in the Minutes. When we adopt the Minutes for today's sitting tomorrow, then any
Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask
for amendments. This seems to me to be a workable solution. Of course, the
Minutes for tomorrow's sitting will take into account any additional
explanations. I think this is a better solution than proceeding now to extremely
time-consuming explanations of votes. Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, would this be
acceptable to you? Madam President, if the vote records correctly how my Group
voted I shall not, and cannot, object to that. If your ruling is that I cannot
give an explanation of vote, I accept that but accept with reservations. If they
do not properly reflect the positions adopted, then we may correct them, if
necessary. (The order of business was adopted thus amended). Madam President, we
cannot and must not accept the fact that we hear ever more frequently of
accidents causing major damage on our roads, but also on our railways and
waterways, not solely but at least partly because those involved do not take the
transport of dangerous goods seriously enough or because - as a result of
ignorance or a lack of training on the part of the drivers or others responsible
for the various vehicles - a minor accident has all too often become a major
disaster. As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as, I believe, we all do,
of the catastrophe which cost so many human lives last year in the Tauern
Tunnel, where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel which had been
destroyed in this fire continued for many months at huge expense. The renovation
project, which lasted for months, cut off this important route between the north
and south of Europe. The traffic which had to be diverted because of this
stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit. In
fact, all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province. Prevention has
to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an
important step towards well-trained safety advisers being available, so that the
right action is taken in good time. All the same, we must not content ourselves
with enacting European law to ensure greater safety. We also need to follow this
up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time
and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied
afterwards. We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the
safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that, where transport safety in
Europe is concerned, there is still much more to be done. In this context, I
should like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is with
us here today, to table an appropriate text as soon as possible with a view to
continuing to make it safer for traffic to transit tunnels in the future, so
that we in Europe do not have to experience any more such disasters on this
scale. Madam President, first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his
report which has, at its heart, the issue of transport safety. I congratulate
him on his excellent report. the Paddington rail crash in London, the terrible
rail crash in Norway, the two aviation crashes involving EU citizens and the
natural disaster involving the Erika off Brittany - all within the last four
months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that
those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly
qualified. The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common
position the Council has accepted six of Parliament's ten amendments put forward
at first reading and that the substance of Parliament's other amendments has
been retained. My Group will therefore support the common position and looks
forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet
another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as
possible. When it comes to safety my Group will always support any initiatives
to improve transport safety. We still have a lot of work to do in this area as
recent events have proved. Madam President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would like, first of all, to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally
accurate and technical work on the report and, secondly, the Commission for the
proposal it has submitted. We are concerned here with the harmonisation of
examination requirements but also, in fact, with minimum requirements. This is
important, but so is enforcement and there are, of course, a number of reasons
why we need to pay particular attention to this. Or ships from Eastern Europe
which moor adjacent to ships over here, with all the obvious risks that this
entails. Furthermore, it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium,
Finland, but also in Japan has shown that 50% of containers with partially
dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment. In short, the issue is
an important one. If we look at the situation where safety advisers are
concerned, in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ such safety
advisers in companies as from 1 January of this year. There will be major
problems with enforcing this rule at present, especially with smaller companies,
as these cannot afford safety advisors. These smaller companies either dispose
of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, which causes problems. It is
therefore also being requested that ISO 9002 certificates possibly include the
finer details of these activities in the form of annual reports and company
analyses. The work is done. I would like to mention one final point. With regard
to enforcement, proper agreements must also be concluded with the Eastern
European countries because they will not enter into treaties which deal with
this matter until 1 July 2001, that is to say in eighteen months' time. This
gives them a competitive edge for the interim period. This is not in itself
anything dreadful, but we should prioritise particularly the safety aspects for
goods transported by road, rail and inland waterways and incorporate these, as
part of the acquis communautaire, as soon as possible and present them to the
acceding states. Madam President, the importance of transport safety is
highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so. The ever
increasing volume of goods passing through Europe entails all kinds of risks,
known and unknown, for employees and the social environment. Those having to
deal with these risks should therefore meet stringent requirements. The relevant
standards which have been laid down in another Directive, 95/35/EC, seem
sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the
organisation of the transport of dangerous goods. I am very pleased that
agreement has also been reached with the Council on minimum standards regarding
examinations, although I would have preferred it if uniform, set standards and
modules had been established, so that certificates would be of equal value
internationally. This, however, does not seem feasible. Finally, the amendment
tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can, therefore, give it my
wholehearted support. Mr President, Commissioner, I should first like to
congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which, though technical, are nonetheless of
very great significance for safety. I should like to make just a few comments.
Firstly, I should like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my
request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to
the issue of safety, be it on the roads, on the waterways or at sea. Considering
that it is only today that we are dealing with a Commission proposal first made
on 19 March 1998, even though Parliament responded relatively quickly, this time
lag is a little too long. My second point has already been mentioned: In
principle, I believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should
be working towards increased flexibility and country-specific rules. However,
when it comes to safety, I am rather sceptical because safety in Sweden, for
example, is in principle no different from safety in Germany, Italy or Austria.
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some
countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation. My third point has
also been mentioned already. As you know, like Mr Rack, I come from a transit
country, where this issue plays a particularly important role. We do not want to
make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and
improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries. Mr
President, I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Koch, on his
magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to
improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal; in the end
there is only one amendment on the requirements for the aptitude examination for
safety advisers in the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland
waterway. We understand that it is important that the two institutions -
Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current
cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy, and in particular the
transport group, is magnificent. The common position includes practically all of
the amendments accepted by the Commission and harmonises the minimum examination
requirements for safety advisers and, at second reading, we can accept the
amendment on the proposed date, which is much more realistic than the one
originally suggested by the Commission, bearing in mind that we have now spent
several years debating this question. Very briefly, I would like to thank the
various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of
the Commission's priorities in the field of transport. As Mr Simpson has said
very correctly, this is a process which we can never take for granted or regard
as having come to an end. The process of increasing safety margins and safety
guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day. In this
regard, I would also like to refer very briefly to the problems of the tunnels,
which Messrs Rack and Swoboda have referred to, which, in the case of Austria,
is doubtless a very sensitive issue, and great effort should be made to improve
their safety. In one of the worst accidents to have occurred recently, the goods
being transported were not dangerous in themselves. Margarine and a few kilos of
paint which, in principle, do not present risks, led to a genuine disaster.
Therefore, we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum
degree of safety can be further improved. Finally, I would like to say that we
have to consider safety in all types of transport. This week we will be holding
a debate here on the safety of sea transport, in light of the Erika disaster,
and in the course of this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms
of the safety of air transport. But I would like to say that safety is a
priority objective for the Commission. As I will say in the debate on the Erika
disaster, we do not wait until there is a disaster to deal with the question of
safety, but we work on it even when there are no such circumstances, which
simply serve to demonstrate the urgency for an effective response to this type
of problem. I would like to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and
especially to the rapporteur, Mr Koch. The debate is closed. The vote will take
place tomorrow at 12 p.m.. Transport of dangerous goods by road. The next item
is the report (A5-0104/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional
Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a European Parliament and
Council Directive amending Directive 94/55/EC on the approximation of the laws
of the Member States with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road
[COM (1999) 158-C5-0004/1999-1999/0083 (COD)]. Mr President, Commissioner,
ladies and gentlemen, the Directive on the approximation of the laws of the
member states with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road, which
entered into force on 1 January 1997, contains a number of transitional
provisions which are only valid for a limited period of time, the term of
validity being linked to the completion of specific standardisation work by the
CEN, that is the European committee for standardisation. Delays in the CEN's
work are now making it difficult to apply this very Directive. In particular,
annexes cannot be adapted to take account of technical and industrial
developments. I regret this since we are having to take action because others
have not done their job. In this respect, I accept this proposal to amend
Directive 94/55/EC which has been tabled for discussion today. Should the
European Union fail to take action, then Member States would be obliged to amend
their national legislation for a very brief period, until the CEN completes its
work, which would cause unnecessary cost and uncertainty. The amendment to the
Directive on today's agenda does not therefore affect the existing harmonisation
of the transport of dangerous goods in the community. It merely prolongs
transitional rules by postponing deadlines, deletes provisions which are no
longer applicable, and lays down the procedures for a) carrying out the ad hoc
transportation of dangerous goods and b) enacting less stringent national
regulations, in particular for the transport of very small amounts of dangerous
goods within strictly defined local areas. The amendment to the Directive is
consequently in full accordance with the principle of subsidiarity; the Member
States obtain more powers. In so doing, it is supported by a committee of
experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure. The
procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the
Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999. Two of
the amendments tabled and adopted unanimously by the committee relate precisely
to this amended comitology procedure. We would like to ensure that there is a
reference to this as early as the recitals and that the period within which the
Council has to make a decision - which is not clearly worded - is set at a
maximum of three months. In addition, the need for greater transparency has been
pointed out. A final amendment is intended to ensure that tanks and tankers put
into service between 1 January 1997 and the entry into force of this Directive
may continue to be used provided that they have been constructed and maintained
in accordance with it. Mr President, colleagues, a happy new year and millennium
to you all. I would like to briefly comment on the Commission's proposal to
amend the Directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road. It is good that
this Directive should be established now, as, otherwise, member states would
have to amend their national acts for a very short time, a period of transition,
which would again mean unnecessary costs and which would once more increase
concern with regard to EU bureaucracy. My amendments concern the
frost-resistance ratings for tankers carrying these dangerous goods. According
to the Commission's proposal -20º C would have been sufficient. On the shores of
the Mediterranean, it is hard to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall
considerably lower than that. There is support for the EU in Lapland also, so
let us remember them. I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to
-40° C. This would be necessary to keep safety standards at the level they were
in northern regions previously. Mr President, with your permission I should like
to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick
changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate. I thought that it was
quite superb. On the subject at hand, I think that the people of Europe must be
able to be confident that the goods - however dangerous they are - which are
transported on Europe's roads, railways, and so on are as safe as possible. This
Directive is a contribution to this. What we are doing today is essentially a
nuisance. The rapporteur, Mr Koch, to whom we express our thanks for the work
which he has done on this, has already pointed out that basically everything
could have been somewhat more advanced had it not been for the inactivity on the
part of the CEN, which has been very dilatory in drawing up and adapting the
Directive. This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal
market are concerned. If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up
and running, it is important that we should not only have regulations but that
these regulations should also, as far as possible, apply to every country. I
should like to conclude by commenting on a third matter which is also of
significance, namely an amendment tabled by Member of Parliament, Mr Ari
Vatanen. By approving this amendment, we take account of the fact that it can be
very cold in the northern parts of the European Union. This makes it necessary
to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected
by cold of this kind. It is good that, in establishing the present regulations,
we can also be flexible. I hope that the Commission is able to accept the
present amendment. Mr President, I would like to thank not only Mr Koch, but
also the Vice-President of the Commission for the clear and unambiguous way in
which they have declared their support for safety in the transport sector and
acknowledged it as a priority. For one thing is clear: We all regret that the
European Committee for Standardisation (CEN) has not been able, in the required
time, to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required
harmonisation within the European Union. This debate and the amendment of the
Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements
which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours. A moment ago, Mr Vatanen
spoke to us of lower temperatures, not of 20 degrees below zero, but of 40
degrees below zero. Of course, we accept that amendment - it is absolutely right
- and I believe that we should incorporate specific circumstances which
demonstrate the climatic diversity of the European Union, which sometimes take
the form of specifics and of concrete requirements for the establishment of
standards and characterisations of a technical nature. I would like to say, with
regard to Mr Swoboda's comments on the activity of the CEN, that we are urging
them to speed up their work as much as possible because it would be terrible if,
despite the new deadline, we were to find ourselves after a year and a bit with
the same difficulties because their work has not been concluded. The Commission
accepts all of the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the
rapporteur, Mr Koch, which are contained in the various amendments, specifically
four. We therefore accept the four amendments which have been proposed.
Structural Funds-Cohesion Fund coordination. The next item is the report
(A5-0108/1999) by Mrs Schroedter, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy,
Transport and Tourism, on the communication from the Commission in the field of
the Structural Funds and their coordination with the Cohesion Fund: Mr
President, it is particularly pleasing for me to make my first speech in the
European Parliament on what is regarded as the most important issue within that
part of the United Kingdom that I represent in this Parliament, namely Wales. A
major part of Wales, as you know, has been granted Objective 1 status under the
Structural Funds programme. It is quite clear that many people within Wales are
looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the
great difficulties that we undoubtedly face. We have seen the gap between rich
and poor widen. We are looking, therefore, within the Structural Funds programme
not just to see industrial restructuring but also to see a wider improvement in
the whole of the economic base within the Principality. That is why I want to
highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the
forefront. We look to the Commission to deal with points in relation to
additionality. We are dissatisfied with the fact that those figures seem to have
been in some way hidden within UK figures. We look to the Commission also to
ensure that there is matched funding for projects. We look to it to challenge
the UK Government, to ensure that the private sector, which surely must be
providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure, is involved in the
planning stage. Finally, we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund
monies are spent in a way which is transparent. Too much of what takes place
within this Parliament is not transparent. This is one area in which I believe
the Commission can be a very great friend to Wales. Mr President, our committee
views these issues very differently and, to start, I will speak from the point
of view of research. We see it as a very positive sign that, in her own
conclusions, the rapporteur has taken account of our committee's proposal that
the Cohesion Fund countries should broaden the research infrastructure by
locating universities and colleges in such a way that they would serve those who
live in undeveloped regions better than now and make it easier for educated
people to remain in their home districts. Another matter we would like to
address, specifically from the point of view of industrial policy, is that we
would have liked the Commission to pay more attention to the effects of
services, electronic commerce and the growing use of the Internet, when they
were planning the coordination of Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds. Poverty
and wealth used to depend more on means of livelihood. In my opinion the
committee drafting the report has not taken sufficient account of this, so on
behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, I
would draw the Commission's attention to this issue. Finally, as the committee
representing energy, we would have liked the issue of support for renewable
energy resources from Cohesion and Regional Development funds to have been
emphasised still more, thus, through a process of coordination, increasing the
use of renewables so that the scant funding resources in the energy programme
might have been compensated by means of these more substantial sums. I would
like to draw people's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by
the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee
on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism. These amendments deal with the social
economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially
local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social
cohesion. In the past, this Parliament has viewed the social economy as an
important potential provider of employment. These amendments also fit in with
this Parliament's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing
constructive action. We hope that those considering rejection of these
amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both Parliament and their
citizens who are seeking employment. In her report, Mrs Flautre also drew
attention to an area where coordination is sorely lacking, yet desperately
needed. The Commission proposals refer to the four pillars of employment
strategy and the five fields of action of the European Social Fund. It could be
said that the omission gives the impression that the Commission too has no idea
how to provide maximum coordination between European Social Fund assistance,
which is subject to review after three and a half years, and the Member States'
annual national plans for employment. We hope that the Commission can reassure
us that this was an oversight which is now being dealt with constructively. Mr
President, Commissioner, the proposal presented by the Commission, in accordance
with its mandate, is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on
Agriculture and Rural Development. I would like to point out, however, that this
starting point indicates to us the challenges which face us: maintaining a
population in rural areas, given the changes taking place in all types of
economic activity owing to agriculture's increasing lack of importance amongst
the various sources of income for rural society. This, as well as the
deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally
very low level of employment, which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity,
exacerbates the exodus from rural areas. The consequences do not inspire hope.
It is the young people who are disappearing, who are getting an education and
finding work outside of the rural areas, all of which has an unfavourable effect
on those areas. This lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to the
establishment of companies and the creation of jobs. Agriculture only provides
5.5% of employment in the Union. Furthermore, three quarters of our farm workers
are part-time and require supplements to their incomes. For this reason, one of
the most important and essential objectives which we should set in the European
Union is to make efforts to create new jobs in rural areas, outside of the
agricultural sector, in sectors such as rural tourism, sport, culture, heritage
conservation, the conversion of businesses, new technologies, services, etc..
However, even though the role of agriculture is not exclusive, it is still
essential, not only to prevent economic and social disintegration and the
creation of ghost towns, but also because farmers play a fundamental role in
managing the land, in preserving biodiversity and in protecting the environment.
It is important to prioritise general criteria for land planning and demographic
equilibrium, and to bear in mind the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture
and Rural Development on the five fundamental issues, which have been only
partly taken up by the Committee on Transport, Regional Policy and Tourism in
its points 16 and 17. In conclusion, I would ask the Commission to take these
five points into account when establishing the conclusions on the four pillars
because I believe that, for the European Union, maintaining the population in
rural areas must be one of the priority objectives. Mr President, Commissioner,
I would like to begin by thanking Mrs Schroedter, the rapporteur, for her work.
I would also like to thank her for her willingness to enter into dialogue with
the other political groups when compromise formulas have needed to be reached in
the face of this avalanche of amendments - and perhaps there are more of them
than we expected - but which genuinely reflect the importance of the report we
are now discussing. We feel that it is important that the Commission takes
account of the conclusions adopted by this Parliament, at least in spirit,
because at this stage, it might seem as though what we are doing here is a
useless exercise, and nothing but hot air. In our amendments, we have stated the
importance of the necessary synergies being produced between the Structural
Funds, the Cohesion Fund and Community initiatives, so that their application
should be reflected, in the best and most profitable way, by the gradual
elimination of disparities between regions and by the creation of jobs which
are, when all is said and done, the two central purposes of the funds we are
discussing. In order to achieve a more rapid and efficient boost for attaining
these objectives, we think that those who generate employment, the real
entrepreneurs and those who really guarantee new sources of employment, that is,
businesspeople, must participate in this initiative. Small and medium-sized
businesses, above all, need to take part in the distribution of these funds. If
they do not, if businesspeople feel marginalised, if entrepreneurs cannot take
part, not only in managing but also in receiving these funds, we will have
missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly. Also, in order to
attain our objectives, to overcome the disparities between regions and to seek
out sources of employment, it is crucial to give our complete support to new
technologies, to transport and communications networks and to renewable
energies. All of this must be done - I repeat - with the participation of
private business, which, by uniting its efforts with those of public
administrations, but complementing them, never obstructing or excluding them,
will lead to the creation of wealth in society and of jobs. Mr President, it is
incumbent upon me to remind my colleague, Mr Evans, of why Wales actually
achieved Objective 1 status. It was because of the discredited policies of his
own Conservative Party. Let me also remind him that when his party leader, Mr
Hague, was Secretary of State for Wales, he broke every rule in the book on
additionality which led to a stern letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies
regarding regulatory requirements. I can tell you that the British Government is
aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality. I suggest Mr
Evans goes back and reads the Regulation. My Group has made extensive amendments
to both reports up for debate today. I want to focus our minds on the essential
role of the guidelines. It is important to identify the skills and potential of
our regions in the hi-tech sector. It is particularly important in the light of
reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the
hi-tech growth industries of the future. They should not be about creating
additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape. The implementation and operation
of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other
desk officer, either in the Commission or in thecivil service. There must be an
internal coherence in the Commission directorate, while respecting the specific
local and regional aspects of Commission programmes. The conclusion is that we
must make the case for guidelines to be broad, indicative and flexible to assist
our programme managers and fund-users and to get the maximum potential out of
our new fields of regeneration. The rapporteur has also quite rightly stated
that Parliament was not heard in time regarding the guidelines. Hopefully, the
stands Parliament has taken will help, however, in the mid-term appraisal of the
programmes and in their practical implementation. For the time, the report grew
too large when it was being debated. At this stage it is more important to
concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional
policy, bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality. Our Group
emphasises the importance of the principle of subsidiarity, the responsibility
of Member States and the role of local players in drafting and implementing
programmes. It is especially important to get SMEs involved in the planning and
implementation of programmes. Our Group also considers it important to take
greater account of remote and peripheral areas and wishes to increase
interaction between towns and rural areas. Projects implemented with support
from the Union have had their effect watered down all too often by slow decision
making and complicated administrative processes. Funds have often been granted
for projects which have had no lasting benefit for the area concerned. Projects
have to be carried out more efficiently, more flexibly and they have to be made
more productive. While the report was being prepared, it was interesting to
discuss the Union's regional policy in general. For us new members, it was the
first time, and this was a very interesting process. This report is very good
and our Group supports it. Mr President, Commissioner, as proof that this
Parliament has not yet overcome its role as a consultative and subordinate
institution, the excellent report by a fellow member of my Group, Elisabeth
Schroedter, has not been able to reach plenary sitting because the plans for
regional development for the period 2000-2006 for Objective 1 regions have been
sitting in the Commission's offices for several months. Bearing this in mind,
this House should, in any event, demand that, before the Community support
frameworks for the period in question are approved, they be studied and
submitted for debate in this Parliament, specifically in light of the guidelines
that we have presented today. Mr President, we should not forget that the main,
strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their
coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion. We are obliged to
participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results. We are
obliged to do so because we are the representatives of the citizens in a Europe
of Citizens and not just in a Europe of States and of Regions. We feel that the
Funds are a necessary but insufficient condition for achieving economic and
social cohesion. We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per
inhabitant as the sole indicator. Some speakers have already mentioned
unemployment and the fall in population. We will have to study several
indicators, which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies
that are in a worse situation than others, and how they are evolving. It is
clear from some of the reports that have been presented to Parliament's plenary
sitting today that Europe's 25 most prosperous regions enjoy a level of
unemployment which is five times lower than in the 25 least prosperous regions.
This fact means that the European Parliament, the Commissioner and the
Commission must act decisively and strategically. I agree that the European
Parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the
opportunity, as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term - to discuss
the Directives. I do not think, however, that this report has come too late. We
all agree that we should ask that, halfway through these programmes, when the
assessment of the Directives is made, Parliament should be given an equally
influential role on the grounds that we are the citizens' representatives. Our
citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is,
at least on the face of it, bureaucratic. They need to see the political
dimension working, to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that
there is communication with the citizens. This is what we are today asking the
Commissioner for. I would like to think that, given his previous experience as a
regional President, he will agree to propose indicators, and a strategy, which
will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity. Mr
President, I support the main proposals of the report concerning the
administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period
2000-2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the
following: Member States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated
strategies for revitalising relations between towns and rural areas. This
process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid
down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year, which were supported by
Parliament at its last May plenary part-session. Key EU programmes between 1989,
1993, 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic
competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe.
In conclusion, while key infrastructure projects have been supported by the
European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund, we should remember
that the European Social Fund has played a very important role in helping the
less well-off in our society. The Social Fund has certainly improved our
third-level institutions, financed our post-leaving certificate programmes and
put in place comprehensive schemes to help combat youth and long-term
unemployment, assist early school leavers and promote higher standards of adult
literacy. Mr President, on numerous occasions in the past I have disagreed with
the rapporteur on her approach to regional policy issues. The second point I
would like to make is that we would have preferred it if the guidelines had been
added to the Regulation in the form of an annex, as we and Mrs Mccarthy, as
rapporteurs for the general Regulation, had asked. I am raising the issue just
to reiterate Parliament's position. They are particularly beneficial to the
Member States, and I would particularly like to draw your attention to the
emphasis the Commission has placed on the issues of sustainable development, job
creation and, more particularly, on equal opportunities and transport issues.
Personally, I at least am totally in favour of the guidelines. As an islander,
however, I would like to express my dissatisfaction at the lack of recognition
of island development. This is not the first time that this issue has not been
given the consideration it deserves. Commissioner, we shall continue to raise
the issue, as Article 158, paragraph 1, of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for
an integrated policy for islands. Therefore, the Commission should address the
issue once and for all. As for us in Parliament, I would like to remind you of
the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in
May. I am absolutely certain that this code will be observed and that Parliament
will keep abreast of all the developments and details concerning the
implementation of the programmes. Mr President, Commissioner, in this minute and
a half I should like, first of all, to congratulate Mrs Schroedter. I know many
have already done so, but she has indeed earned our praise for being
particularly open and attentive to proposals from all sides, and I think it is
this openness which has given her report the quality we see today. I share the
regrets she expressed, namely that Parliament has become involved rather late in
the day as regards these guidelines, since by now the procedure for negotiations
with the states is so far advanced that I cannot see this report having any sort
of immediate effect, which in my view is a pity. In brief, I would like to say
that we are entering the period when we are called upon to manage the
programming for 2000-2006, which must be no routine period for the good reason
that we have two major challenges to face. The first is the harmonisation of
national development policies and regional development policies. Subsidies are
not enough to ensure development when infrastructure and public services are
lacking. We must ask ourselves a fundamental question: The second challenge is
that of enlargement which will, of course, have a considerable impact, both in
budgetary and geographical terms. These are two areas of action which I invite
the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us. Finally,
in this time of natural disasters, I would just like to mention the issue of the
use of Structural Funds. As you know, it is up to each State to redistribute
part of the total appropriation. Europe should not be completely absent, as the
states tend to want. Public opinion and the press nowadays accuse us of being
unavailable to give a response, even though we are going to be funding a large
proportion of the national operations. I think we should be capable of saying
this loud and clear. I also think we should ensure, or ask Member States to
ensure, that there is some publicity given to European aid whenever it is used
to repair damage caused by natural disasters or accidents. Mr President, the
priority given to financial and monetary criteria reinforces the increase in
inequalities of every shape and form. Well, the Structural Funds have helped to
apply a brake to this process. Our project of a Europe that aims to satisfy
social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest
common denominator. What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax,
which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the
harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at
European level. The Commission, however, though bound to issue guidelines, does
so only reluctantly and in a vague manner. The report put forward today
re-establishes its place in the political sphere. This is what persuades us to
vote in favour of it. Over the coming years, faced with the challenges of
globalisation and eastward enlargement, Europe will, more than ever before,
require appropriate detailed guidance on how to plan and revitalise its economy.
To this end, Europe as a whole, and each Member State individually, will have to
make optimum use of all available resources and capacities, including the
Structural Funds. For this to be possible, what we need from the European
Commission are not just good intentions, but clearer guidelines and a firm
commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States.
For example, in recent years Italy has had problems in utilising the Structural
Funds, mainly because of excessive bureaucracy, insufficient information and a
lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level. There are,
therefore, two points to which I would like to draw the Commission's attention.
Firstly, we need to make the best possible use of consultation as a means of
ensuring proper coordination and participation by all local and regional
operators in decision-making, precisely so that imbalances and inequalities can
be avoided. Before you sign up. Does it cost money to use Facebook? Is it true
that Facebook is going to charge to use the site? Facebook is a free site and
will never require that you pay to continue using the site. You do, however,
have the option of purchasing Facebook credits, which can be used to send gifts
or to purchase items on applications or games. What is the minimum age required
to sign up for Facebook? In order to be eligible to sign up for Facebook, people
must be 13 years of age or older. Can I create a joint Facebook account or share
a Facebook account with someone else? Facebook accounts are for individual use.
This means that we don't allow joint accounts. Additionally, you can only sign
up for one Facebook account per email address. Since each account belongs to one
person, we require everyone to use their real name on their account. This way,
you always know who you're connecting with. Learn more about our name policies.
After you create an account, you can use Friendship Pages to see your
interactions with any friend, all in one place. Why am I getting a Facebook
invitation email from a friend? You received this email because a Facebook
member is inviting you to join Facebook. Facebook allows members to send invites
to their contacts by entering an email address or by uploading their contacts.
If you'd like to, you can add this email address to your existing Facebook
account to ensure that you won't get Facebook invites sent to you in the future.
If you are not already a Facebook member and would like to join, you can use
this email to start the registration process. If you wish to no longer receive
invites from your friends, you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the
email. Create an account. What's the difference between logging in and signing
up? If you don't have a Facebook account, you can sign up for one in a few easy
steps. If you already have a Facebook account, you can log in to your account
from the same page. Just enter your email address and password into the section
at the top of the page and click "Log In". What is the minimum password
strength? How can I make my password strong? When creating a new password, be
sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex
string of numbers, letters, and punctuation marks. If the password you entered
is not strong enough, you may want to try mixing uppercase and lowercase letters
or making your password longer. Ideally, the password you select should be easy
for you to remember but hard for someone else to figure out. For added security,
your Facebook password should also be different than other passwords that you
use on the internet. How do I add a security question to my account? Having a
security question is a useful way to verify you own your account if you ever
lose access to it. You can add a security question to your account from your
Security Settings page: Click the account menu at the top right of any Facebook
page and choose Account Settings. From the left column menu, click Security.
Click on the Security Question section and follow the onsite steps. You won't
see this section if you've already added a security question to your account.
Tips for picking a good security question: Pick a question and answer you know
you'll remember. Keep your security question a secret. Make sure your answer is
specific enough that it can't be guessed easily. You can improve the overall
security of your account by updating your security information. Reach over 800
million people where they connect and share. Create an Advert or contact our
sales team. Reach your target customers. Connect with more than 800 million
potential customers. Select your audience by location, age and interests. Test
simple image and text-based adverts and use what works. Promote your Facebook
Page or website. Use our "Like" button to increase the influence of your advert.
Build a community around your business. Control your budget. Set the daily
budget you are comfortable with. Adjust your daily budget at any time. Choose to
pay only when people click (CPC) or see people your advert (CPM). Reach the
right people at the right time. People treat Facebook as an authentic part of
their lives, so you can be sure you are connecting with real people with real
interest in your products. Over 12 months, CM Photographics generated nearly
40,000 dollars in revenue directly from a 600 dollars advertising investment on
Facebook. Of the Facebook users who were directed to CM Photographics’ website
from the adverts, 60% became qualified leads and actively expressed interest in
more information. Flexible pricing and real-time suggested bids provide guidance
for cost-effective advert campaigns. Facebook Adverts makes it easy and
cost-effective to quickly set up and manage your campaign. G5 found success
setting up a series of Facebook Advert campaigns targeted to college students at
21 campuses prior to summer break for Storquest self service storage facilities.
Real-time suggested bids for our auction-based system provided guidance that
enabled G5 to hone advert effectiveness based on their various targeting filters
(age, college level and location). The results from Storquest's Facebook advert
campaign were one of their highest performing online advertising efforts: Over
50% increase in total rentals versus prior year at the same store. On par with
Google Adwords on a cost-per-lead and cost-per-customer basis. 1.25 dollars CPC
delivered 10.25 dollars cost-per-lead. Combining marketing solutions on Facebook
for a positive ROI. When you have a broader presence on Facebook with Facebook
pages or Facebook events plus adverts for instance, you can turn your
advertising message into a trusted referral by including content from a user’s
friends who are already affiliated with your products. ANA took this approach by
creating a Facebook page to acquire interested users for ongoing messaging
opportunities and developing a compelling advertising campaign. Average
campaigns for ANA result in CTR of 8–12%. Facebook Adverts resulted in a 25%
CTR. Conversions resulted in positive ROI which is unique for ANA considering
their product is not an impulse purchase for most people and Japan is not
traditionally seen as a leisure destination. Introducing the "Subscribe" Button.
You've always been subscribed to friends. Now you can hear from journalists,
celebrities, political figures and other people too. Click the "Subscribe"
button on someone's Profile to get their public updates in your News Feed. Find
people to subscribe to. Fine-tune your News Feed. Use the "Subscribe" button to
choose what you see from friends and others in News Feed. For each person, you
could hide all game stories, see just photos, limit updates to life events and
more. Get your own subscribers. Let anyone get your public updates. Allowing
subscribers is a simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook, while
reserving personal updates for people you know well. Common questions. You've
always been subscribed to your friends. Why don't all profiles have a
"Subscribe" button? Only people who allow subscribers will have a "Subscribe"
button on their profile. How do people subscribe to my updates? After you allow
subscribers, a "Subscribe" button will show up on your Profile. Your public
updates will appear in people's News Feeds once they click this button. If I
allow subscribers, what updates will they see? Subscribers can see only the
things you share publicly. They can also choose how many and what types of these
public updates they get. Learn more about the "Subscribe" button in the Help
Centre. Learn about the differences between allowing subscribers and using a
Page. Directive 2005/32/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6
July 2005 establishing a framework for the setting of ecodesign requirements for
energy-using products and amending Council Directive 92/42/EEC and Directives
96/57/EC and 2000/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The
harmonisation of national laws is the only means to prevent such barriers to
trade and unfair competition. (2) Energy-using products (EUPs) account for a
large proportion of the consumption of natural resources and energy in the
Community. They also have a number of other important environmental impacts. For
the vast majority of product categories available on the Community market, very
different degrees of environmental impact can be noted though they provide
similar functional performances. In the interest of sustainable development,
continuous improvement in the overall environmental impact of those products
should be encouraged, notably by identifying the major sources of negative
environmental impacts and avoiding transfer of pollution, when this improvement
does not entail excessive costs. (3) The ecodesign of products is a crucial
factor in the Community strategy on Integrated Product Policy. As a preventive
approach, designed to optimise the environmental performance of products, while
maintaining their functional qualities, it provides genuine new opportunities
for manufacturers, for consumers and for society as a whole. (4) Energy
efficiency improvement - with one of the available options being more efficient
end use of electricity - is regarded as contributing substantially to the
achievement of greenhouse gas emission targets in the Community. A significant
reduction in energy consumption as suggested by the Commission in its European
Climate Change Programme (ECCP) is possible. Climate change is one of the
priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme, laid down by
Decision No 1600/2002/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council [3].
Energy saving is the most cost-effective way to increase security of supply and
reduce import dependency. Therefore, substantial demand side measures and
targets should be adopted. (5) Action should be taken during the design phase of
EUPs, since it appears that the pollution caused during a product's life cycle
is determined at that stage, and most of the costs involved are committed then.
(6) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements
for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of
those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact.
Such Community requirements should respect the principles of fair competition
and international trade. (7) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in
mind the goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action
Programme, including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic
strategies of that Programme. (8) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level
of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact
of EUPs, which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end-users.
Sustainable development also requires proper consideration of the health, social
and economic impact of the measures envisaged. Improving the energy efficiency
of products contributes to the security of the energy supply, which is a
precondition of sound economic activity and therefore of sustainable
development. (9) A Member State deeming it necessary to maintain national
provisions on grounds of major needs relating to the protection of the
environment, or to introduce new ones based on new scientific evidence relating
to the protection of the environment on groundsof a problem specific to that
member state arising after the adoption of the applicable implementing measure,
may do so following the conditions laid down in article 95 (4), (5) and (6) of
the treaty, that provides for a prior notification to and approval from the
Commission. (10) In order to maximise the environmental benefits from improved
design it may be necessary to inform consumers about the environmental
characteristics and performance of EUPs and to advise them about how to use
products in a manner which is environmentally friendly. (11) The approach set
out in the Green Paper on Integrated Product Policy, which is a major innovative
element of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme, aims to reduce the
environmental impacts of products across the whole of their life cycle.
Considering at the design stage a product's environmental impact throughout its
whole life cycle has a high potential to facilitate environmental improvement in
a cost-effective way. There should be sufficient flexibility to enable this
factor to be integrated in product design whilst taking account of technical,
functional and economic considerations. (12) Although a comprehensive approach
to environmental performance is desirable, greenhouse gas mitigation through
increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal
pending the adoption of a working plan. (13) It may be necessary and justified
to establish specific quantified ecodesign requirements for some products or
environmental aspects thereof in order to ensure that their environmental impact
is minimised. Given the urgent need to contribute to the achievement of the
commitments in the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations
Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), and without prejudice to the
integrated approach promoted in this Directive, some priority should be given to
those measures with a high potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions at
low cost. Such measures can also contribute to a sustainable use of resources
and constitute a major contribution to the 10-year framework of programmes on
sustainable production and consumption agreed at the World Summit on Sustainable
Development in Johannesburg in September 2002. (15) While the best-performing
products or technologies available on the market, including on international
markets, should be taken as reference, the level of ecodesign requirements
should be established on the basis of technical, economic and environmental
analysis. Flexibility in the method for establishing the level of requirements
can make swift improvement of environmental performance easier. Interested
parties involved should be consulted and cooperate actively in this analysis.
The setting of mandatory measures requires proper consultation of the parties
involved. Such consultation may highlight the need for a phased introduction or
transitional measures. The introduction of interim targets increases the
predictability of the policy, allows for accommodating product development
cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties. (16) Priority
should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the
industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or
in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements. Legislative measures may be
needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an
acceptable speed. (18) For the assessment of voluntary agreements or other
self-regulation measures presented as alternatives to implementing measures,
information on at least the following issues should be available: openness of
participation, added value, representativeness, quantified and staged
objectives, involvement of civil society, monitoring and reporting,
cost-effectiveness of administering a self-regulatory initiative,
sustainability. 19) Chapter 6 of the Commission's "Communication on
Environmental Agreements at Community level within the Framework of the Action
Plan on the Simplification and Improvement of the Regulatory Environment" could
provide useful guidance when assessing self-regulation by industry in the
context of this Directive. (20) This Directive should also encourage the
integration of Ecodesign in small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and very
small firms. Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and
easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products. The
rigorous enforcement of implementing measures is necessary to reduce the
environmental impact of regulated EUPs and to ensure fair competition. (22) When
preparing implementing measures and its working plan the Commission should
consult Member States' representatives as well as interested parties concerned
with the product group, such as industry, including SMEs and craft industry,
trade unions, traders, retailers, importers, environmental protection groups and
consumer organisations. (23) When preparing implementing measures, the
Commission should also take due account of existing national environmental
legislation, in particular concerning toxic substances, which Member States have
indicated that they consider should be preserved, without reducing the existing
and justified levels of protection in the Member States. (24) Regard should be
given to the modules and rules intended for use in technical harmonisation
Directives set out in Council Decision 93/465/EEC of 22 July 1993 concerning the
modules for the various phases of the conformity assessment procedures and the
rules for the affixing and use of the CE conformity marking, which are intended
to be used in the technical harmonisation Directives. (25) Surveillance
authorities should exchange information on the measures envisaged within the
scope of this Directive with a view to improving surveillance of the market.
Such cooperation should make the utmost use of electronic means of communication
and relevant Community programmes. ll The exchange of information on
environmental life cycle performance and on the achievements of design solutions
should be facilitated. The accumulation and dissemination of the body of
knowledge generated by the ecodesign efforts of manufacturers is one of the
crucial benefits of this Directive. (26) A competent body is usually a public or
private body, designated by the public authorities, and presenting the necessary
guarantees for impartiality and availability of technical expertise for carrying
out verification of the product with regard to its compliance with the
applicable implementing measures. (27) Noting the importance of avoiding
non-compliance, Member States should ensure that the necessary means are
available for effective market surveillance. (28) In respect of training and
information on ecodesign for SMEs, it may be appropriate to consider
accompanying activities. (29) It is in the interest of the functioning of the
internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level.
Once the reference to such a standard has been published in the Official Journal
of the European Union, compliance with it should raise a presumption of
conformity with the corresponding requirements set out in the implementing
measure adopted on the basis of this Directive, although other means of
demonstrating such conformity should be permitted. (30) One of the main roles of
harmonised standards should be to help manufacturers in applying the
implementing measures adopted under this Directive. Such standards could be
essential in establishing measuring and testing methods. In the case of generic
ecodesign requirements harmonised standards could contribute considerably to
guiding manufacturers in establishing the ecological profile of their products
in accordance with the requirements of the applicable implementing measure.
These standards should clearly indicate the relationship between their clauses
and the requirements dealt with. The purpose of harmonised standards should not
be to fix limits for environmental aspects. (31) For the purpose of definitions
used in this Directive it is useful to refer to relevant international standards
such as ISO 14040 (32). This Directive is in accordance with certain principles
for the implementation of the new approach as set out in the Council Resolution
of 7 May 1985 on a new approach to technical harmonisation and standards and of
making reference to harmonised European standards. The Council Resolution of 28
October 1999 on the role of standardisation in Europe recommended that the
Commission should examine whether the New Approach principle could be extended
to sectors not yet covered as a means of improving and simplifying legislation
wherever possible. (33) This Directive is complementary to existing Community
instruments such as Council Directive 92/75/EEC of 22 September 1992 on the
indication by labelling and standard product information of the consumption of
energy and other resources by household appliances, Regulation (EC) No 1980/2000
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 July 2000 on a revised
Community eco-label award scheme, Regulation (EC) No 2422/2001 of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on a Community energy
efficiency labelling programme for office equipment, Directive 2002/96/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 January 2003 on waste electrical
and electronic equipment (WEEE), Directive 2002/95/EC of the European Parliament
and of the Council of 27 January 2003 on the restriction of the use of certain
hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment and Council
Directive 76/769/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws,
regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to
restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and
preparations. Synergies between this Directive and the existing Community
instruments should contribute to increasing their respective impacts and
building coherent requirements for manufacturers to apply. (34) Since Council
Directive 92/42/EEC of 21 May 1992 on efficiency requirements for new hot-water
boilers fired with liquid or gaseous fuels, Directive 96/57/EC of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 3 September 1996 on energy efficiency
requirements for household electric refrigerators, freezers and combinations
thereof and Directive 2000/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 18 September 2000 on energy efficiency requirements for ballasts for
fluorescent lighting already contain provisions for the revision of the energy
efficiency requirements, they should be integrated into the present framework.
(35) Directive 92/42/EEC provides for a star rating system intended to ascertain
the energy performance of boilers. Since Member States and the industry agree
that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result,
Directive 92/42/EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective
schemes. (36) The requirements laid down in Council Directive 78/170/EEC of 13
February 1978 on the performance of heat generators for space heating and the
production of hot water in new or existing non-industrial buildings and on the
insulation of heat and domestic hot-water distribution in new non-industrial
buildings have been superseded by provisions of Directive 92/42/EEC, Council
Directive 90/396/EEC of 29 June 1990 on the approximation of the laws of the
Member States relating to appliances burning gaseous fuels and Directive
2002/91/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 on
the energy performance of buildings. Directive 78/170/EEC should therefore be
repealed. COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO
THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles
programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting. Proposal for a
COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001
establishing an exchange, assistance and training programme for the protection
of the euro against counterfeiting (the "Pericles" programme). Proposal for a
COUNCIL DECISION extending to the non-participating Member States the
application of Council Decision amending and extending Council Decision of 17
December 2001 establishing an exchange, assistance and training programme for
the protection of the euro against counterfeiting (the "Pericles" programme).
Pericles, the Community programme for exchange, assistance and training in the
protection of the euro against counterfeiting, was established by Council
Decision of 17 December 2001 (2001/923/EC) and is designed to support and
supplement the measures undertaken by the Member States and in existing
programmes to protect the euro against counterfeiting. Such measures include
information exchange (seminars, workshops, meetings and conferences), placements
and exchanges of staff, as well as technical, scientific and operational
back-up. Article 1 of the Pericles Decision provides that the programme shall
run from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2005. Article 6 of the Decision set a
reference amount of 4 million euro for the programme. Article 13 (3) of the
Pericles Decision provides that the Commission shall send to the European
Parliament and the Council, by 30 June 2005: - a report, independent from the
programme manager, evaluating the relevance, the efficiency and the
effectiveness of the programme; - a communication on whether this programme
should be continued and adapted, accompanied by an appropriate proposal. The
evaluation report of the Pericles Programme was submitted on 30 November 2004.
Since early Summer 2003, the number of counterfeit euro banknotes detected in
circulation has stabilised at about 50000 a month, a level below the pre-euro
levels, lower than the US dollar and extremely low compared to the nine billion
genuine euro banknotes in circulation. At the same time, the number of
counterfeit euro coins is continuing to increase but also remains low by
historical standards. In addition, the police forces have successfully conducted
a number of operations to dismantle workshops and seize large numbers of
counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter into circulation. This overall
favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and
institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in
EU and at international level. The Commission set out the basic ideas for the
protection of the euro in a Communication it published as early as 1998 [1].
And, in 1999 Europol’s mandate was extended to include money counterfeiting [4].
With regard to criminal sanctions, the Commission has published two reports [5]
on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision, which show a
satisfactory level of implementation. With a view to ensuring the clear
structure in the fight against currency counterfeiting as well as close
cooperation and efficient flow of information National Central Offices (NCO)
were established in all Member States. Databases and communication systems are
operating in the ECB and Europol. Dedicated bodies were created for the
technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States, the ECB - for
banknotes, and the Commission - for coins. The Pericles programme is playing a
significant role in achieving the present results in the protection of the euro
and the fight against the crime of counterfeiting, through the exchange of
information and the development of cooperation. Continuing vigilance is needed
in order to maintain and build on the results currently achieved in the fight
against euro counterfeiting. Training and technical assistance plays an
important role in this respect, hence the need to continue the Pericles
programme. In line with Article 13 of the Pericles Decision, the evaluation of
the Pericles programme was assigned to the independent auditor of the European
Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) who submitted the evaluation report on 30 November
2004. The evaluator examined the files of 21 of the Pericles actions carried out
until March 2004, on Member State or Commission initiative. Based on
questionnaires to organisers and participants, as well as discussions with stake
holders, he reached the following main conclusions [6]: - The programme has
improved awareness of the Community dimension of the euro and has also developed
a greater understanding amongst the participants of the related laws and
instruments and in particular of the relevant Community and broader European
law. - With regard to the range of information exchanges and
methodologies/measures, most have been presented in the various workshops,
meetings and seminars. - The target groups for the programme have been reached
in part with a very high participation by law enforcement officials; attendance
by commercial banking sector, specialist lawyers or chambers of commerce was not
sufficient. - The activities examined were considered relevant to and among the
main objectives of the programme. - In terms of costs, the evaluator found that
some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost
items. The evaluator made the following main recommendations: A second
evaluation should take place after four years. - The programme should continue
to be available to all Member States but a priority should be given (in the
first instance) to those with low participation or who did not organise actions
in the first programme, as well as the new Member States. - Emphasis should be
put on practical training. There should be a prioritisation in favour of staff
exchanges and specific training, including case studies. These activities are
also more cost efficient. - Co-operation between the European
institutions/bodies (Commission/OLAF, ECB and Europol) should be further
developed so as to eliminate any overlapping between different programmes and to
further improve the co-ordination of the main actors (law enforcement, banks,
prosecutors) in the fight against euro counterfeiting. - With regard to the
effect of the programme on the convergence of high level training for trainers,
it was not possible to make an assessment as there was not sufficient
information on the link between national strategies and the activities under
Pericles. - With a view to enabling the assessment of the effect of the
programme, among others on the convergence of high level training for trainers,
the evaluator recommends the preparation of a strategy document, to be finalised
before the new Pericles enters into effect. The implementation of the Programme
made a slow start, mainly due to its adoption in December 2001. Thus, the first
project under Pericles was only carried out in October 2002 and the amount
committed in 2002 was just under 40% of the initial budget allocation (the
allocation was reviewed downwards in the course of the year). Subsequently, the
programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003
and 2004. Intentions for 2005 show that the remaining amount will also be
completely consumed. Based on these statistics/forecasts, the overall level of
commitments during the period 2002-2005 will reach 80% of the initial reference
amount. The main aggregates in the implementation of Pericles are shown on Table
2. In the course of the first three years of the programme 38 projects were
initiated; for 2005 another 18 actions are intended by the Member States and the
Commission. Of the total 56 projects, 41 originate at the competent authorities
of Member States, while 15 are an initiative of the Commission/OLAF. Most of the
actions carried out are conferences, seminars and workshops, as well as
specialised training courses. Staff exchange has, nonetheless, gained ground and
has now become a standard feature of Pericles. Following enlargement, this type
of activity is likely to develop further, which is also in line with the
recommendation of the Pericles evaluator. Only one technical study was
undertaken under the current Pericles, which is planned to continue at a broader
level in 2005. The analysis of Pericles by type of project is shown in Table 3.
Almost 2600 persons participated in these events. In earlier periods the large
majority of participants were law enforcement agents, reflecting the priority to
establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro
counterfeiting. In that respect, the evaluation report (p. 10 and 11) shows
that, until March 2004, 65% of participants were mainly from law enforcement
agencies. As of 2003, a greater involvement of judiciary authorities is
observed, while as of 2004 and 2005, there is a more pronounced participation of
the financial sector (public sector financial intermediaries, National Central
Banks, commercial banking and other financial institutions). This development is
in line with the recommendation of the evaluator, while the organisation of more
technical seminars is also being promoted. In terms of origin of the
participants, the evaluation report notes that these came from 76 countries,
with a majority from Member States. It was noted that some countries showed a
low level of participation, among them some of the euro area countries. This
situation may reflect organisational rather than structural situations and an
effort to balance it is currently under way. Some countries are more active in
organising events, with Italy representing over 21% of the total number of
activities. As of 2005, the new Member States became active in organising
Pericles actions. As the evaluation report also mentions (p. 14) that the
organisation of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the
protection of the euro: law enforcement, judicial, financial and technical and
promoted particularly the creation of networks useful for achieving greater
efficiency in the fight against the crime of counterfeiting. Contributions at
the Pericles actions are ensured by the ECB, the Commission, Europol and, in
some cases, Eurojust, Interpol and the US Secret Service. With regard to the
aspects of euro protection, where the responsibility belongs to the Member
States, expertise was systematically sought in their specialised services. The
Pericles actions take place mostly inside the EU. However, a number of actions
have been organised in third or candidate countries, reflecting the specific
needs to protect the euro. Such is the case with actions undertaken in Colombia,
for all South American countries and Bulgaria, also including other
South-Eastern European countries. As a result, the transnationality and
multidisciplinarity required under Article 3 of the Pericles Decision have been
respected, with the latter pursued both at the level of professional background
of the participants and in terms of the content of the actions. In line with
Article 5 of the Pericles Decision, the programme is implemented and coordinated
by the Commission and the Member States working closely together. The
coordination of the Pericles and other training actions is carried out at the
Commission’s Euro counterfeiting experts group, which brings together experts
from all member states and candidate countries, with participation of Europol,
the ECB and Interpol. This is in also line with Recital (7) of the Pericles
Decision. Pericles has now practically centralised Community level carried out
by the Commission and Member States action with respect to the protection of the
euro and has also largely replaced the Commission’s specific ‘ Protection of the
euro ’ budget line. A small number of actions geared on the protection against
currency counterfeiting are carried out under other Community programmes, such
as TAIEX and Twinning. Such actions are mainly single-country or single-subject
actions (i.e. not eligible under Pericles) and are systematically coordinated
with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with
Member States. In addition to their awareness and training content, the Pericles
actions have led to a number of structural and other improvements in Member
Sates and in third countries. Among others, National Central Offices for the
fight against counterfeiting were created in several countries; two Pericles
seminars assisted the (then) acceding countries in their efforts to apply the
acquis in the specific area; a code of conduct was drawn with respect to press
and communication issues; In line with the above analysis and in the light of
the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles, this Communication is accompanied
by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles. In line with
Article 13 of Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange,
assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against
counterfeiting (the ‘ Pericles’ programme) and based on the Pericles evaluation
report of 30 November 2004, it is proposed that the Council decision be extended
and amended. The proposed period for extension is six years and the reference
amount unchanged at one million euro per year. The adaptations proposed concern
the increase of the proportion of co-financing by the Community budget; the
introduction of flexibility in the number of applications by each Member State
and consequent coordination; and the extension of the content of the technical
and operational back-up to administrative support for active investigations,
with intermediation by Europol. In line also with the recommendation of the
evaluator of Pericles, it is appropriate to extend the Pericles programme, based
on the need to: - continue vigilance in order to maintain or reduce the current
level of euro banknote counterfeiting and avoid any increase in euro coin
counterfeiting that would undermine the confidence of the public; - train/inform
new staff and extend the training to sectors that have less benefited from the
Pericles programme, namely financial agents, prosecutors and technical staff; -
train relevant staff in the features of the new generation of the euro
banknotes, to be issued at the end of this decade; - particularly insist on
training and technical assistance in the new Member States, with priority to
those who will first introduce the euro as their single currency. Universal
Declaration of Human Rights. Adopted and proclaimed by General Assembly
resolution 217A (III) of 10 December 1948. PREAMBLE. Whereas disregard and
contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged
the conscience of mankind, and the advent of a world in which human beings shall
enjoy freedom of speech and belief and freedom from fear and want has been
proclaimed as the highest aspiration of the common people; Whereas it is
essential, if man is not to be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to
rebellion against tyranny and oppression, that human rights should be protected
by the rule of law; Whereas it is essential to promote the development of
friendly relations between nations; Whereas the peoples of the United Nations
have in the Charter reaffirmed their faith in fundamental human rights, in the
dignity and worth of the human person and in the equal rights of men and women
and have determined to promote social progress and better standards of life in
larger freedom; Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve, in
co-operation with the United Nations, the promotion of universal respect for and
observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms; Whereas a common
understanding of these rights and freedoms is of the greatest importance for the
full realization of this pledge; Now, therefore, The General Assembly Proclaims
this Universal Declaration of Human Rights as a common standard of achievement
for all peoples and all nations, to the end that every individual and every
organ of society, keeping this Declaration constantly in mind, shall strive by
teaching and education to promote respect for these rights and freedoms and by
progressive measures, national and international, to secure their universal and
effective recognition and observance, both among the peoples of Member States
themselves and among the peoples of territories under their jurisdiction.
Article 1. All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They
are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a
spirit of brotherhood. Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set
forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race,
colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social
origin, property, birth or other status. Furthermore, no distinction shall be
made on the basis of the political, jurisdictional or international status of
the country or territory to which a person belongs, whether it be independent,
trust, non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty. Everyone
has the right to life, liberty and the security of person. No one shall be held
in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all
their forms. No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment. Everyone has the right to recognition
everywhere as a person before the law. All are equal before the law and are
entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law. All are
entitled to equal protection against all types of discrimination in violation of
this Declaration and against any incitement to any form of discrimination.
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national
tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the
constitution or by law. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention
or exile. Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by
an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and
obligations and of any criminal charge against him. (1) Everyone charged with a
penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty
according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees
necessary for his defence. (2) No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence
on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence,
under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. Nor
shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time
the penal offence was committed. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary
interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks
upon his honour and reputation. Everyone has the right to the protection of the
law against such interference or attacks. (1) Everyone has the right to freedom
of movement and residence within the borders of each State. (1) Everyone has the
right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution. (2) This
right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from
non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the
United Nations. (2) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor
denied the right to change his nationality. They are entitled to equal rights as
to marriage, during marriage and at its dissolution. (2) Marriage shall be
entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses. (3)
The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled
to protection by society and the State. (1) Everyone has the right to own
property alone as well as in association with others. (2) No one shall be
arbitrarily deprived of his property. Everyone has the right to freedom of
thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his
religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in
public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice,
worship and observance. Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and
expression; (1) Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and
association. (2) No one may be compelled to belong to an association. (1)
Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his country, directly
or through freely chosen representatives. (3) The will of the people shall be
the basis of the authority of government; this will shall be expressed in
periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage
and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures.
Everyone, as a member of society, has the right to social security and is
entitled to realization, through national effort and international co-operation
and in accordance with the organization and resources of each State, of the
economic, social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free
development of his personality. (1) Everyone has the right to work, to free
choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions of work and to
protection against unemployment. (2) Everyone, without any discrimination, has
the right to equal pay for equal work. (4) Everyone has the right to form and to
join trade unions for the protection of his interests. Everyone has the right to
rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic
holidays with pay. (1) Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate
for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food,
clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services, and the right
to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, widowhood, old
age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control. (2)
Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance. All
children, whether born in or out of wedlock, shall enjoy the same social
protection. (1) Everyone has the right to education. Education shall be free, at
least in the elementary and fundamental stages. It shall promote understanding,
tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and
shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace.
(3) Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be
given to their children. (1) Everyone has the right freely to participate in the
cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific
advancement and its benefits. (2) Everyone has the right to the protection of
the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or
artistic production of which he is the author. Everyone is entitled to a social
and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this
Declaration can be fully realized. (1) Everyone has duties to the community in
which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible. (2) In
the exercise of his rights and freedoms, everyone shall be subject only to such
limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due
recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the
just requirements of morality, public order and the general welfare in a
democratic society. (3) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised
contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations. Nothing in this
Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any
right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction
of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein. It can be a very complicated
thing, the ocean. And it can be a very complicated thing, what human health is.
And those simple themes aren't really themes about the complex science of what's
going on, but things that we all pretty well know. And I'm going to start with
this one: We know that, right? We've experienced that. That's the theme of my
talk. And we're making the ocean pretty unhappy in a lot of different ways. This
is a shot of Cannery Row in 1932. Cannery Row, at the time, had the biggest
industrial canning operation on the west coast. We piled enormous amounts of
pollution into the air and into the water. Rolf Bolin, who was a professor at
the Hopkin's Marine Station where I work, wrote in the 1940s that "The fumes
from the scum floating on the inlets of the bay were so bad they turned
lead-based paints black". They say, "You know what you smell?". That pollution
was money to that community, and those people dealt with the pollution and
absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money.
We made the ocean unhappy; we made people very unhappy, and we made them
unhealthy. The pyramid of ocean life. We see the base of the food chain, the
plankton, the small things, and we see how those animals are food to animals in
the middle of the pyramid, and on so up this diagram. And that flow, that flow
of life, from the very base up to the very top, is the flow that ecologists see.
Now why does that matter for human health? Because when we jam things in the
bottom of that pyramid that shouldn't be there, some very frightening things
happen. Now, to bring that home, I thought I'd invent a little game. We don't
really have to play it; It's the Styrofoam and chocolate game. Imagine that when
we got on this boat, we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts. What'll happen is
that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here, and they
will accumulate in the drunkest, stingiest people. There's no mechanism in this
game for them to go anywhere but into a bigger and bigger pile of indigestible
Styrofoam peanuts. And that's exactly what happens with PCBs in this food
pyramid: They accumulate into the top of it. Now suppose, instead of Styrofoam
peanuts, we take these lovely little chocolates that we get and we had those
instead. PCBs accumulate. PCBs accumulate in dolphins in Sarasota Bay, in Texas,
in North Carolina. They get into the food chain. The dolphins eat the fish that
have PCBs from the plankton, and those PCBs, being fat-soluble, accumulate in
these dolphins. Now, a dolphin, mother dolphin, any dolphin - there's only one
way that a PCB can get out of a dolphin. In mother's milk. Here's a diagram of
the PCB load of dolphins in Sarasota Bay. Females after their first calf is
already weaned: Those females, they're not trying to. The death rate in these
dolphins, for the first calf born of every female dolphin, is 60 to 80 percent.
Now, the mother then can go and reproduce, but what a terrible price to pay for
the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals - the death of the
first-born calf. There's another top predator in the ocean, it turns out. And we
also are eating meat that comes from some of these same places. This is whale
meat that I photographed in a grocery store in Tokyo - or is it? In fact, what
we did a few years ago was learn how to smuggle a molecular biology lab into
Tokyo and use it to genetically test the DNA out of whale meat samples and
identify what they really were. And some of those whale meat samples were whale
meat. Some of them were illegal whale meat, by the way. That's another story.
But some of them were not whale meat at all. Even though they were labeled whale
meat, they were dolphin meat. Some of them were dolphin liver. And those dolphin
parts had a huge load of PCBs, dioxins and heavy metals. And that huge load was
passing into the people that ate this meat. It turns out that a lot of dolphins
are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world. That's a
tragedy for those populations, but it's also a tragedy for the people eating
them because they don't know that that's toxic meat. We had these data a few
years ago. It had two-three-to-400 times the toxic loads ever allowed by the
EPA. And I remember there sitting at my desk thinking, "Well, I know this".
"This is a great scientific discovery", but it was so awful. FEB 10, 2014. Death
by Finance. PRINCETON – How quickly emerging markets' fortunes have turned. Not
long ago, they were touted as the salvation of the world economy – the dynamic
engines of growth that would take over as the economies of the United States and
Europe sputtered. But now the emerging-market blues are back. The beating that
these countries' currencies have taken as the US Federal Reserve begins to
tighten monetary policy is just the start; everywhere one looks, it seems, there
are deep-seated problems. Argentina and Venezuela have run out of heterodox
policy tricks. Brazil and India need new growth models. Turkey and Thailand are
mired in political crises that reflect long-simmering domestic conflicts. This
is not the first time that developing countries have been hit hard by abrupt
mood swings in global financial markets. The surprise is that we are surprised.
Economists, in particular, should have learned a few fundamental lessons long
ago. First, emerging-market hype is just that. Instead, emerging markets' growth
over the last two decades was based on a fortuitous (and temporary) set of
external circumstances: high commodity prices, low interest rates, and seemingly
endless buckets of foreign finance. Governments that enjoyed the rollercoaster
ride on the way up should not have been surprised by the plunge that inevitably
follows. In theory, market-determined currency values are supposed to isolate
the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance, rising when
money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed. In reality, few
economies can bear the requisite currency alignments without pain. Floating
exchange rates may moderate the adjustment difficulties, but they do not
eliminate them. Fourth, faith in global economic-policy coordination is
misplaced. America's fiscal and monetary policies, for example, will always be
driven by domestic considerations first (if not second and third as well). And
European countries can barely look after their own common interests, let alone
the world's. For the most part, that is not a bad thing. The Fed's huge monthly
purchases of long-term assets – so-called quantitative easing – have benefited
the world as a whole by propping up demand and economic activity in the US.
Without QE, which the Fed is now gradually tapering, world trade would have
taken a much bigger hit. Similarly, the rest of the world will benefit when
Europeans are able to get their policies right and boost their economies. In the
midst of a foreign-capital bonanza, stagnant levels of private investment in
tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of
government mythmaking should be allowed to override. Officials face a simple
choice: maintain strong prudential controls on capital flows, or be prepared to
invest a large share of resources in self-insurance by accumulating large
foreign reserves. The deeper problem lies with the excessive financialization of
the global economy that has occurred since the 1990's. The policy dilemmas that
have resulted – rising inequality, greater volatility, reduced room to manage
the real economy – will continue to preoccupy policymakers in the decades ahead.
It is true, but unhelpful, to say that governments have only themselves to blame
for having recklessly rushed into this wild ride. Intellectual Property and
Economic Development. WASHINGTON, DC – In his recent State of the Union address,
US President Barack Obama reiterated his ambition to complete the Trans-Pacific
Partnership, a proposed trade agreement among the US and 11 Pacific countries.
Meanwhile, the European Union and China are pressing to close their own deals in
Asia and elsewhere. Some activists and government officials get the relationship
between strong IP protection and economic growth backwards, claiming that IP
rights are an obstacle to development, and thus should not be enforced until
after countries achieve high-income status. This attitude is particularly
prevalent in India, which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold,
and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks. As
Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma put it, "inherent flexibilities must be
provided to developing countries. Instead of diluting IP rights, developing
countries like India should recognize that strengthening IP protection is a
prerequisite for attracting the foreign investment that they need to help their
economies grow, create jobs, and improve their citizens'capacity to consume.
Today, IP accounts for much of the value at large companies. One study found
that in 2009, across a variety of industries in the US, intellectual capital –
patents, copyrights, databases, brands, and organizational knowledge – held a
44% share of firms' overall market value. Developing countries have a lot to
gain from attracting multinational firms. They also spawn new local companies
that serve as suppliers, thereby boosting employment, augmenting workers'
skills, improving productivity, and increasing government revenue. According to
a new study by the economists Robert Shapiro and Aparna Mathur, if India
achieved Chinese levels of IP protection, its annual FDI inflows would increase
by 33% annually. In the pharmaceutical sector – which is particularly vulnerable
to IP infringement – a stronger IP regime could increase FDI inflows from $1.5
billion this year to $8.3 billion in 2020, with pharmaceutical R&D doubling to
$1.3 billion over the same period. The increased FDI would create 18,000 new
jobs in the pharmaceutical industry. If India could transform its IP regime to
resemble the US system, which is more robust than China's, the benefits would be
even greater. Inward FDI could increase by as much as 83% annually by 2020; in
the pharmaceutical industry alone, FDI could reach as much as $77 billion, with
R&D rising to $4.2 billion and 44,000 new jobs being created. The Indian
government's ongoing assault on pharmaceutical IP makes these findings even more
significant. Over the last two years, India has invalidated or otherwise
attacked patents on 15 drugs produced by international firms in order to make
way for local champions, claiming that exclusivity enables companies to charge
high prices that harm consumers. But drug patents and prices are not the main –
or even a major – obstacle to patients' access to medical care in India. The
bigger issue, as the IMS consultancy found last year, is the shortage of
doctors, clinics, and hospitals, especially in rural areas. Even the public
clinics and hospitals that do exist are often rendered useless by high rates of
absenteeism by doctors. Furthermore, Indians lack access to insurance programs,
particularly for outpatient care. This, coupled with the lack of a public safety
net, makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship, even for
middle-class families. Far from improving citizens' access to health care, weak
IP protections are exacerbating India's formidable health-care challenges. It is
equally important for trade negotiators worldwide to reject the notion that IP
protection is a luxury that only rich countries can afford. The reality is that
IP protection is an economic engine that developing-country citizens should not
have to forego. The Banks that Ate the Economy. LONDON – Bank of England
Governor Mark Carney surprised his audience at a conference late last year by
speculating that banking assets in London could grow to more than nine times
Britain's GDP by 2050. His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two
trends: continued financial deepening worldwide (that is, faster growth of
financial assets than of the real economy), and London's maintenance of its
share of the global financial business. These may be reasonable assumptions, but
the estimate was deeply unsettling to many. Hosting a huge financial center,
with outsize domestic banks, can be costly to taxpayers. In Iceland and Ireland,
banks outgrew their governments' ability to support them when needed. The result
was disastrous. Quite apart from the potential bailout costs, some argue that
financial hypertrophy harms the real economy by syphoning off talent and
resources that could better be deployed elsewhere. But Carney argues that, on
the contrary, the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global
financial center in its midst. "Being at the heart of the global financial
system," he said, "broadens the investment opportunities for the institutions
that look after British savings, and reinforces the ability of UK manufacturing
and creative industries to compete globally. "That is certainly the assumption
on which the London market has been built and the line that successive
governments have peddled. But it is coming under fire. "He argues (in a speech
revealingly entitled "The Contribution of the Financial Sector: Miracle or
Mirage?") that the financial sector's reported contribution to GDP has been
significantly overrated. Two recent papers raise further doubts. In "The Growth
of Modern Finance", Robin Greenwood and David Scharfstein of Harvard Business
School show that the share of finance in US GDP almost doubled between 1980 and
2006, just before the onset of the financial crisis, from 4.9% to 8.3%. The two
main factors driving that increase were the expansion of credit and the rapid
rise in resources devoted to asset management (associated, not coincidentally,
with the exponential growth in financial-sector incomes). Greenwood and
Scharfstein argue that increased financialization was a mixed blessing. There
may have been more savings opportunities for households and more diverse funding
sources for firms, but the added value of asset-management activity was
illusory. Much of it involved costly churning of portfolios, while increased
leverage implied fragility for the financial system as a whole and imposed
severe social costs as over-exposed households subsequently went bankrupt.
Stephen G. Cecchetti and Enisse Kharroubi of the Bank for International
Settlements – the central banks' central bank – go further. They argue that
rapid financial-sector growth reduces productivity growth in other sectors.
Using a sample of 20 developed countries, they find a negative correlation
between the financial sector's share of GDP and the health of the real economy.
But it is clear that financial firms compete with others for resources, and
especially for skilled labor. Physicists or engineers with doctorates can choose
to develop complex mathematical models of market movements for investment banks
or hedge funds, where they are known colloquially as "rocket scientists. "Or
they could use their talents to design, say, real rockets. Cecchetti and
Kharroubi find evidence that it is indeed research-intensive firms that suffer
most when finance is booming. And we are not just talking about the so-called
"quants. "In the years before the 2008 financial crisis, more than a third of
Harvard MBAs, and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of
Economics, went to work for financial firms. (Some might cynically say that
keeping MBAs and economists out of real businesses is a blessing, but I doubt
that that is really true.) The authors find another intriguing effect, too.
Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms,
partly because real-estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for
loans. But the rate of productivity growth in construction is low, and the value
of many credit-fueled projects subsequently turns out to be low or negative. So,
should Britons look forward with enthusiasm to the future sketched by Carney?
Aspiring derivatives traders certainly will be more confident of their career
prospects. And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial
sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs, for example – will be similarly
encouraged. Sustaining Ukraine's Breakthrough. NEW YORK – Following a crescendo
of terrifying violence, the Ukrainian uprising has had a surprisingly positive
outcome. Contrary to all rational expectations, a group of citizens armed with
not much more than sticks and shields made of cardboard boxes and metal
garbage-can lids overwhelmed a police force firing live ammunition. There were
many casualties, but the citizens prevailed. This was one of those historic
moments that leave a lasting imprint on a society's collective memory. How could
such a thing happen? Quantum mechanics offers a fitting metaphor. similarly,
human beings may behave both as individual particles and as components of a
larger wave. In other words, the unpredictability of historical events like
those in Ukraine has to do with an element of uncertainty in human identity.
People's identity is made up of individual elements and elements of larger units
to which they belong, and peoples' impact on reality depends on which elements
dominate their behavior. When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed
force in Kyiv on February 20, their sense of representing "the nation" far
outweighed their concern with their individual mortality. The result was to
swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented
sense of unity. Whether that unity endures will depend on how Europe responds.
Ukrainians have demonstrated their allegiance to a European Union that is itself
hopelessly divided, with the euro crisis pitting creditor and debtor countries
against one another. That is why the EU was hopelessly outmaneuvered by Russia
in the negotiations with Ukraine over an Association Agreement. True to form,
the EU under German leadership offered far too little and demanded far too much
from Ukraine. Now, after the Ukrainianpeople's commitment to closer ties with
Europe fueled a successful popular insurrection, the EU, along with the
International Monetary Fund, is putting together a multibillion-dollar rescue
package to save the country from financial collapse. But that will not be
sufficient to sustain the national unity that Ukraine will need in the coming
years. I established the Renaissance Foundation in Ukraine in 1990 – before the
country achieved independence. The foundation did not participate in the recent
uprising, but it did serve as a defender of those targeted by official
repression. The foundation is now ready to support Ukrainians' strongly felt
desire to establish resilient democratic institutions (above all, an independent
and professional judiciary). But Ukraine will need outside assistance that only
the EU can provide: management expertise and access to markets. In the
remarkable transformation of Central Europe's economies in the 1990's,
management expertise and market access resulted from massive investments by
German and other EU-based companies, which integrated local producers into their
global value chains. Ukraine, with its high-quality human capital and
diversified economy, is a potentially attractive investment destination. But
realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the
economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing
the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and
domestic investors alike. In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment,
the EU could provide support to train local companies' managers and help them
develop their business strategies, with service providers remunerated by equity
stakes or profit-sharing. An effective way to roll out such support to a large
number of companies would be to combine it with credit lines provided by
commercial banks. To encourage participation, the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) could invest in companies alongside
foreign and local investors, as it did in Central Europe. Ukraine would thus
open its domestic market to goods manufactured or assembled by European
companies' wholly - or partly - owned subsidiaries, while the EU would increase
market access for Ukrainian companies and help them integrate into global
markets. I hope and trust that Europe under German leadership will rise to the
occasion. I have been arguing for several years that Germany should accept the
responsibilities and liabilities of its dominant position in Europe. Today,
Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan, by which the United
States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II. Germany ought to play
the same role today as the US did then. I must, however, end with a word of
caution. The Marshall Plan did not include the Soviet bloc, thereby reinforcing
the Cold War division of Europe. A replay of the Cold War would cause immense
damage to both Russia and Europe, and most of all to Ukraine, which is situated
between them. Ukraine depends on Russian gas, and it needs access to European
markets for its products; it must have good relations with both sides.
Chancellor Angela Merkel must reach out to President Vladimir Putin to ensure
that Russia is a partner, not an opponent, in the Ukrainian renaissance. FEB 27,
2014. China's Growth Puzzle. Perceptions of resilience have given way to fears
of vulnerability. The US Federal Reserve's tapering of its unprecedented
liquidity injections has been an obvious and important trigger. Emerging
economies that are overly dependent on global capital flows – particularly
India, Indonesia, Brazil, South Africa, and Turkey – are finding it tougher to
finance economic growth. In the throes of crisis, generalization is the norm; in
the end, however, it pays to differentiate. Unlike the deficit-prone emerging
economies that are now in trouble – whose imbalances are strikingly reminiscent
of those in the Asian economies that were hit by the late-1990's financial
crisis – China runs a current-account surplus. As a result, there is no risk of
portfolio outflows resulting from the Fed's tapering of its monthly asset
purchases. And, of course, China's outsize backstop of $3.8 trillion in
foreign-exchange reserves provides ample insurance in the event of intensified
financial contagion. It is neither desirable nor feasible for China to return to
the trajectory of 10% annual growth that it achieved in the three decades after
1980. Yet a superficial fixation on China's headline GDP growth persists, so
that a 25% deceleration, to a 7-8% annual rate, is perceived as somehow
heralding the end of the modern world's greatest development story. This
knee-jerk reaction presumes that China's current slowdown is but a prelude to
more growth disappointments to come – a presumption that reflects widespread and
longstanding fears of a broad array of disaster scenarios, ranging from social
unrest and environmental catastrophes to housing bubbles and shadow-banking
blow-ups. While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand, none of them
is the source of the current slowdown. Instead, lower growth rates are the
natural result of the long-awaited rebalancing of the Chinese economy. In other
words, what we are witnessing is the effect of a major shift from hyper-growth
led by exports and investment (thanks to a vibrant manufacturing sector) to a
model that is much more reliant on the slower but steadier growth dynamic of
consumer spending and services. Indeed, in 2013, the Chinese services sector
became the economy's largest, surpassing the combined share of the manufacturing
and construction sectors. The codependency construct is rooted in the
psychopathology of human relationships whereby two partners, whether out of need
or convenience, draw unhealthy support from each other. Ultimately, codependency
leads to a loss of identity, serious frictions, and often a nasty breakup –
unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on
his or her own. The economic analogue of codependency applies especially well to
the US and China. China's export-led growth miracle would not have started in
the 1980's without the American consumer. The US, for its part, relied on cheap
goods made in China to stretch hard-pressed consumers' purchasing power. It also
became dependent on China's savings surplus to finance its own savings shortfall
(the world's largest), and took advantage of China's voracious demand for US
Treasury securities to help fund massive budget deficits and subsidize low
domestic interest rates. Frictions between the two partners have developed over
a wide range of issues, including trade, the renminbi's exchange rate, regional
security, intellectual property, and cyber attacks, among others. And, just as a
psychologist would predict, one of the partners, China, has decided to go its
own way. China's rebalancing will enable it to absorb its surplus savings, which
will be put to work building a social safety net and boosting Chinese
households' wherewithal. As a result, China will no longer be inclined to lend
its capital to the US. For a growth-starved US economy, the transformation of
its codependent partner could well be a fork in the road. One path is quite
risky: The other path holds great opportunity: In doing so, the US could draw
support from exports, especially to a rebalanced China – currently its
third-largest and fastest-growing major export market. Compared with other
emerging economies, China is cut from a different cloth. China emerged from the
late-1990's Asian financial crisis as the region's most resilient economy, and I
suspect the same will be true this time. Malthus, Marx, and Modern Growth.
CAMBRIDGE – The promise that each generation will be better off than the last is
a fundamental tenet of modern society. By and large, most advanced economies
have fulfilled this promise, with living standards rising over recent
generations, despite setbacks from wars and financial crises. In the developing
world, too, the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained
improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth
expectations. But will future generations, particularly in advanced economies,
realize such expectations? So far, every prediction in the modern era that
mankind's lot will worsen, from Thomas Malthus to Karl Marx, has turned out to
be spectacularly wrong. Technological progress has trumped obstacles to economic
growth. Periodic political rebalancing, sometimes peaceful, sometimes not, has
ensured that the vast majority of people have benefited, albeit some far more
than others. As a result, Malthus's concerns about mass starvation have failed
to materialize in any peaceful capitalist economy. And, despite a disconcerting
fall in labor's share of income in recent decades, the long-run picture still
defies Marx's prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers.
Living standards around the world continue to rise. But past growth performance
is no guarantee that a broadly similar trajectory can be maintained throughout
this century. Leaving aside potential geopolitical disruptions, there are some
formidable challenges to overcome, mostly stemming from political
underperformance and dysfunction. The first set of issues includes slow-burn
problems involving externalities, the leading example being environmental
degradation. When property rights are ill-defined, as in the case of air and
water, government must step in to provide appropriate Regulation. I do not envy
future generations for having to address the possible ramifications of global
warming and fresh-water depletion. A second set of problems concerns the need to
ensure that the economic system is perceived as fundamentally fair, which is the
key to its political sustainability. Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a
country's political system – and economic growth along with it. The third
problem is that of aging populations, an issue that would pose tough challenges
even for the best-designed political system. Soaring public debts surely
exacerbate the problem, because future generations are being asked both to
service our debt and to pay for our retirements. The final challenge concerns a
wide array of issues that require Regulation of rapidly evolving technologies by
governments that do not necessarily have the competence or resources to do so
effectively. We have already seen where poor Regulation of rapidly evolving
financial markets can lead. There are parallel shortcomings in many other
markets. A leading example is food supply – an area where technology has
continually produced ever-more highly processed and genetically refined food
that scientists are only beginning to assess. What is known so far is that
childhood obesity has become an epidemic in many countries, with an alarming
rise in rates of type 2 diabetes and coronary disease implying a significant
negative impact on life expectancy in future generations. Many leading health
researchers, including Kelly Brownell, David Ludwig, and Walter Willett, have
documented these problems. Government interventions to date, mainly in the form
of enhanced education, have proved largely ineffective. Self-destructive
addiction to processed foods, which economists would describe as an
"internality", can lower quality of life for those afflicted, and can eventually
lead to externalities for society, such as higher health-care costs. Again,
despite a rising chorus of concern from researchers, political markets have
seemed frozen. Addressing inequality requires greater redistribution through
national tax systems, together with enhanced programs for adult education,
presumably making heavy use of new technologies. The negative effects of falling
population growth can be mitigated by easing restrictions on international
migration, and by encouraging more women and retirees to enter or stay in the
workforce. But how long it will take for governments to act is a wide-open
question. Capitalist economies have been spectacularly efficient at enabling
growing consumption of private goods, at least over the long run. When it comes
to public goods – such as education, the environment, health care, and equal
opportunity – the record is not quite as impressive, and the political obstacles
to improvement have seemed to grow as capitalist economies have matured. Will
each future generation continue to enjoy a better quality of life than its
immediate predecessor? In developing countries that have not yet reached the
technological frontier, the answer is almost certainly yes. The Innovation
Enigma. NEW YORK – Around the world, there is enormous enthusiasm for the type
of technological innovation symbolized by Silicon Valley. In this view,
America's ingenuity represents its true comparative advantage, which others
strive to imitate. But there is a puzzle: it is difficult to detect the benefits
of this innovation in GDP statistics. What is happening today is analogous to
developments a few decades ago, early in the era of personal computers. In 1987,
economist Robert Solow – awarded the Nobel Prize for his pioneering work on
growth – lamented that "You can see the computer age everywhere but in the
productivity statistics. "There are several possible explanations for this.
Perhaps GDP does not really capture the improvements in living standards that
computer-age innovation is engendering. As it turns out, there is some truth in
both perspectives. Recall how a few years ago, just before the collapse of
Lehman Brothers, the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness. Given
that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from
around the world, one would have expected nothing less. But, upon closer
inspection, it became clear that most of this innovation involved devising
better ways of scamming others, manipulating markets without getting caught (at
least for a long time), and exploiting market power. In this period, when
resources flowed to this "innovative" sector, GDP growth was markedly lower than
it was before. Even in the best of times, it did not lead to an increase in
living standards (except for the bankers), and it eventually led to the crisis
from which we are only now recovering. The net social contribution of all of
this "innovation" was negative. Similarly, the dot-com bubble that preceded this
period was marked by innovation – Web sites through which one could order dog
food and soft drinks online. At least this era left a legacy of efficient search
engines and a fiber-optic infrastructure. But it is not an easy matter to assess
how the time savings implied by online shopping, or the cost savings that might
result from increased competition (owing to greater ease of price comparison
online), affects our standard of living. Two things should be clear. First, the
profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution
to our standard of living. In our winner-takes-alleconomy, an innovator who
develops a better Web site for online dog-food purchases and deliveries may
attract everyone around the world who uses the Internet to order dog food,
making enormous profits in the process. But without the delivery service, much
of those profits simply would have gone to others. The Web site's net
contribution to economic growth may in fact be relatively small. Moreover, if an
innovation, such as ATMs in banking, leads to increased unemployment, none of
the social cost – neither the suffering of those who are laid off nor the
increased fiscal cost of paying them unemployment benefits – is reflected in
firms' profitability. Likewise, our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the
increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a
job. Equally important, it often does not accurately reflect the improvement in
societal wellbeing resulting from innovation. In a simpler world, where
innovation simply meant lowering the cost of production of, say, an automobile,
it was easy to assess an innovation's value. And this is even more apparent in
other arenas: How do we accurately assess the fact that, owing to medical
progress, heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past,
leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life? Still,
one cannot avoid the uneasy feeling that, when all is said and done, the
contribution of recent technological innovations to long-term growth in living
standards may be substantially less than the enthusiasts claim. A lot of
intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing
advertising and marketing budgets–targeting customers, especially the affluent,
who might actually buy the product. But standards of living might have been
raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more
fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to
new products. Yes, being better connected with each other, through Facebook or
Twitter, is valuable. But how can we compare these innovations with those like
the laser, the transistor, the Turing machine, and the mapping of the human
genome, each of which has led to a flood of transformative products? Of course,
there are grounds for a sigh of relief. Although we may not know how much recent
technological innovations are contributing to our wellbeing, at least we know
that, unlike the wave of financial innovations that marked the pre-crisis global
economy, the effect is positive. The Maternal Thread of Life. ISLAMABAD – Last
month, Oxford University's Green Templeton College held its annual Emerging
Markets Symposium at Egrove Park. The theme this year was "Maternal and Child
Health and Nutrition." The final slide of the opening presentation, delivered by
GTC fellow Stephen Kennedy, was a cartoon depicting two young contestants set to
begin a race: one was strong and healthy, while the other was emaciated,
shackled, carrying the baggage of disease, and confronting the massive barrier
of malnutrition. The message was clear: not everyone begins life with the same
chance of success. Of course, this is not a groundbreaking insight. The impact
of factors like poverty, maternal literacy, sanitation, and housing conditions
on children's health – and, in turn, on social and economic outcomes – is well
documented. The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated
public-health interventions. But another, less widely discussed social
determinant – maternal nutrition – could be. Since Hippocrates, people have been
discussing how "nature" and "nurture" interact to shape a person's development.
Indeed, even in ancient civilizations, adequate maternal nutrition was
considered essential to ensuring future generations' survival and prosperity.
But poverty and ignorance can thwart even the best intentions. The consequences
of maternal malnutrition are far-reaching, including higher child-mortality
rates, more birth defects, increased susceptibility to infection, and specific
nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor
health early in life. Moreover, intrauterine malnutrition can increase the risk
of chronic conditions like obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease during
adulthood. They were surprised by evidence that babies grow in the same way
worldwide, as long as they receive the same care and are not constrained by
environmental factors – evidence that challenged the widely held notion that
ethnicity and gender are major determinants of a child's development. In fact,
upon hearing the evidence, a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he
would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office
what he knows now. The meeting's participants agreed that strong efforts to
support pre-conception care in the context of maternal- and child-health
services were vital. After all, if an adequately nourished mother provides
critical health benefits to her offspring throughout their lives, women can be
viewed as the custodians of future generations' health. These inter-generational
biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female
children. The influence of the levels and composition of maternal nutrition on a
female fetus will carry through to adulthood, when she, too, becomes a mother.
Given how few scientists have recognized the extent to which a woman's eggs
shape her grandchildren's prospects, it is not surprising that policymakers
remain so oblivious to the long-term impact of women's health. But the evidence
is clear, and it demands action. The good news is that there are solutions.
Conditional cash transfers, text-message-based initiatives, school-based food
programs, vitamin-fortification schemes, and local leadership have all proved
effective in improving maternal nutrition. Such initiatives should be backed by
policies that foster positive nutritional choices. Compelling policymakers to
implement such policies will require a new set of skills that draws upon lessons
from around the world. In Brazil, a television program on the role that
folic-acid supplementation could play in the prevention of spina bifida (a
congenital neural tube defect) immediately grabbed politicians' attention.
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public's knowledge of nutrition are also
crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their
governments to take action. To this end, entertainment media like soap operas,
which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative
Middle Eastern societies, could be employed. Forums like the Emerging Market
Symposium can help to bridge the increasingly obvious gap between science and
public policy. But, without strong domestic support for change, the impact of
such meetings is limited. It is time to demand action – and past time for
policymakers to deliver it. MAR 20, 2014. South Korea's Feminine Future. Over
the last half-century, South Korea has made considerable economic progress, with
per capita income increasing from a mere $80 dollars in 1960 to more than
$22,000 last year. But its potential for sustained growth is faltering, owing to
the imminent decline of its working-age population – projected to fall by 25% by
2050 – and rising competition from China and other emerging economies. In order
to improve its prospects, South Korea must pursue economic reform and
restructuring, with an emphasis on maximizing its human-capital resources –
especially women. South Korea's success over the last five decades owes much to
the rapid growth of its well-educated labor force. From 1960 to 2010, the share
of adults with a secondary education soared from 20% to an impressive 87%. By
boosting productivity, increasing returns on investment, and facilitating
technological adaption and innovation, South Korea's abundance of well-educated
workers has served as the foundation for its export-oriented development
strategy. But women remain underutilized, to the detriment of the entire
economy. Indeed, any effective South Korean growth strategy must create more and
better economic opportunities for women, in part by establishing more
accommodating working environments and instituting a more diverse and flexible
education system. To its credit, South Korea has built a relatively gender-equal
society. The country elected its first female President, Park Geun-hye, in 2012.
But a significant gender gap remains in terms of the return on human capital.
According to OECD data, only 55% of South Korean women aged 15-64 are in the
labor force, compared to an average of 65% in the advanced economies. South
Korea's male labor-force participation rate, by contrast, stands at about 77% –
close to the OECD average of 79%. The labor-participation rate for women with
post-secondary education is 64%, far exceeding the 35% rate for those with only
a primary or middle-school education. But, even for South Korea's most highly
educated and capable female workers, child rearing is a major career obstacle.
In fact, South Korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the
average rate for the OECD while they are in their late twenties. The problem is
that the rate drops sharply from 71% to 57% among women in their 30's, as
inflexible working environments and a lack of affordable childcare undermine
their ability to continue investing in their careers. The good news is that
Park's government is working to change this. But it is less clear how the
government will create additional jobs for women. It could, for example, split
full-time jobs into multiple part-time positions, and offer incentives for
workers to reduce their hours. But, given that South Korea's workforce already
includes a substantial share of non-regular workers, increasing temporary
employment may not contribute to economic growth. A better approach would entail
creating high-quality jobs in modern service industries. As it stands, while the
services sector accounts for more than 70% of employment in South Korea, its
productivity-growth rate remains much lower than that of the manufacturing
sector. Too many people are working in traditional, low-productivity service
industries, such as wholesale, retail trade, and restaurants, leaving modern,
high-productivity services like communications, health, financial
intermediation, and business services underdeveloped. It is also important to
narrow the mismatch between women's abilities and their career paths. The
current system tends to reinforce gender roles, encouraging children to follow
culturally framed paths, instead of nurturing their individual interests and
potential. For example, female university students are much more likely to study
humanities than the so-called "STEM" subjects (science, technology, engineering,
and mathematics) – key drivers of productivity gains, innovation, and economic
growth. Efforts by primary and secondary schools could help to foster more
diverse interests among female students, giving talented young women the tools
they need to make important contributions to key economic sectors. Of course,
the potential of educated, empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is
not limited to South Korea. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, too, has
identified increased female labor-force participation as critical to efforts to
revive his country's long-dormant economy. Closing Africa's Agricultural Gender
Gap. SEATTLE – Africa's GDP is now growing faster than any other continent's.
When many people think about the engines driving that growth, they imagine
commodities like oil, gold, and cocoa, or maybe industries like banking and
telecommunications. I think of a woman named Joyce Sandir. Joyce is a farmer who
grows bananas, vegetables, and maize on a small plot of land in rural Tanzania.
When I met her in 2012, she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown
from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania's climate. As Joyce's story
demonstrates, agriculture is crucial to Africa's future. Research shows that
increasing agricultural productivity is the most effective way to reduce poverty
in sub-Saharan Africa. In fact, agriculture offers the continent its best
opportunity to turn a vicious cycle of poverty into a virtuous cycle of
development. That is why leaders and policymakers from across the continent have
declared 2014 Africa's Year of Agriculture and Food Security. Joyce's story is
relevant for another reason, too. She is important to Africa's future not only
because she is a farmer, but also because she is a woman. The world has had
evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011, but only limited data about its
scope, shape, and causes. To help us better understand the problem, the World
Bank and the ONE Campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the
challenges facing women farmers. Their report highlights one stark fact from the
start: The gender gap is real, and in some cases it is extreme. When we compare
male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings, the
productivity gap can be as high as 66%, as it is in Niger. Previously, experts
believed that women's farms produced less because women have less access to
inputs like fertilizer, water, and even information. But we now know that the
story is much more complicated. With the new data in hand, we can see that,
surprisingly, the productivity gap persists even when women have equal access to
inputs. The precise reasons vary from country to country – but many of them stem
from entrenched cultural norms that prevent women from reaching their full
potential. For example, the report found that women face obstacles mobilizing
the labor they need to help their farms flourish. Women usually have more
childcare and household responsibilities than men, which make it difficult for
them to devote as much time to farm work, or even to supervise hired labor. The
problem is compounded by the fact that women are also likely to have less income
to hire laborers in the first place. In some places, that may mean teaching
agricultural extension workers how to make their messages more relevant to
female audiences, or encouraging them to visit when women are most likely to be
at home. In other places, it may mean increasing women's access to markets, or
introducing labor-saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their
land. It may also require establishing community childcare centers, so that
women farmers have the option to spend more time farming. In every case, it will
require African policymakers to start recognizing women farmers as the essential
economic partners that they are. This June, leaders from all over Africa will
meet in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, to set the agenda for agricultural policy in
the next decade. If Africa's agricultural sector is to achieve its promise – and
if Africa's economic growth is to continue – policymakers should take into
account the needs of farmers like Joyce. The Importance of Being Boring.
WASHINGTON, DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful
organization, able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical
assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world. It also has the
great advantage of almost always being perceived as incredibly boring.
Unfortunately for the IMF, it now needs a slightly higher public profile to
convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms. The Ukrainian
crisis may prove helpful, though that appears less likely now – which may be a
good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to
Ukraine that is larger than it really needs. From 1918 to 1939, international
economic cooperation was hard to come by – in large part because all of the
attempted deals were put together at high-profile international conferences.
Following the creation of the IMF in 1944, many of the same decisions became
routine, a lot less interesting, and much easier to implement. The IMF rarely
makes front-page headlines in the United States or other big countries, except
when there is a racy personal dimension. The last time that many read a news
story about the Fund may have been when then-Managing Director Dominique Strauss
Kahn was forced out in May 2011, following accusations that he sexually
assaulted an employee in a New York hotel. Since then, his successor, Christine
Lagarde, has helped to restore the Fund's reputation – and to return coverage of
its programs and activities to newspapers' dry and unemotional business
sections. (When I worked at the IMF in the 2000's, page-three coverage of our
events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing).
Of course, in countries receiving assistance – such as Greece in the last few
years – the IMF excites great passion. But in the halls of the US Congress, few
people pay any attention. In the highly charged partisan atmosphere of
Washington, DC, this is without question almost always an advantage. Imagine if
the disbursement of all assistance to countries in trouble required
Congressional approval, let alone spending from the US budget. The reality is
that it stands for and operationalizes US power, in cooperation with America's
closest allies. Anyone who doubts that should review a recent letter
orchestrated by the Bretton Woods Committee, addressed to Congressional leaders
on behalf of an impressive array of former Republican and Democratic cabinet
secretaries. "The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF, but it does have
a disproportionate influence. Given the Fund's origins in helping to rebuild
Europe after World War II, European countries are also very well represented on
its executive board and in terms of ownership shares (and thus voting weight on
important decisions). One major goal in recent decades has been to shift
representation at the IMF somewhat away from Europe and toward the world's
emerging markets. (For the technical details, I recommend a recent paper by
Edwin M. Truman, my colleague at the Peterson Institute for International
Economics.) These reforms need to be agreed, in legislative form, by the US
Congress before they can take effect. For whatever reason, President Barack
Obama's administration did not push this item hard in 2013 and early 2014 – and
the agenda of encouraging further IMF reform has therefore languished. The Obama
administration proposed to tie IMF reform to the presumably imminent approval by
Congress of funding for Ukraine. This is sensible legislative tactics but not
appealing as an economic strategy. But the bigger problem is that Ukraine does
not really need a massive loan from the IMF. What Ukraine needs is a sharp
reduction in corruption, as well as real legitimacy (through the ballot box) for
people who want to rein in the influence of oligarchs – a group that has sapped
the economy through plunder and incompetence over the past two decades. IMF
reform is sensible and should be supported. The Europeans do not need their
current level of representation, and the positions and voices of middle - and
lower - income countries should be strengthened. The Obama administration needs
to make this case more directly and forcefully to Congress. The inherent
dullness of the IMF makes that hard. MAR 31, 2014. Marx and the Mechanical Turk.
Second, he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for
the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation
– that is, a smaller income share for labor. And, third, Marx was fixated on the
labor-theory of value. The second and third problems remain huge analytical
mistakes. But, while Marx's belief that capital and labor were substitutes, not
complements, was a mistake in his own age, and for more than a century to
follow, it may not be a mistake today. Think of it this way. Humans have five
core competencies as far as the world of work is concerned: · Moving things with
large muscles. · Finely manipulating things with small muscles. · Using hands,
mouths, brains, eyes, and ears to ensure that ongoing processes and procedures
happen the way that they are supposed to. · Engaging in social reciprocity and
negotiation to keep us all pulling in the same direction. · Thinking up new
things – activities that produce outcomes that are necessary, convenient, or
luxurious – for us to do. How many of us can be employed in personal services,
and how can such jobs be highly paid (in absolute terms)? The optimistic view is
that those, like me, who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution
of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply
suffer from a failure of imagination. Marx did not see how the replacement of
textile workers by automatic looms could possibly do anything other than lower
workers' wages. After all, the volume of production could not possibly expand
enough to reemploy everyone who lost their job as a handloom weaver as a
machine-minder or a carpet-seller, could it? It could, but Marx's mistake was
not a new one. A century earlier, the French physiocrats Quesnay, Turgot, and
Condorcet did not see how the share of the French labor force employed in
agriculture could possibly fall below 50% without producing social ruin. After
all, in a world of solid farmers, useful craftsmen, dissolute aristocrats, and
flunkies, demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of
each aristocrats could use. Thus, a decline in the number of farmers could
produce no outcome other than poverty and widespread beggary. Neither Marx nor
the physiocrats could imagine the great many well-paid things that we could find
to do once we no longer needed to employ 60% of the labor force in agriculture
and another 20% in hand spinning, handloom weaving, and land transport via horse
and cart. And today, the optimistic view is that those with excess wealth will
continue to think of lots of things for everyone else to do to make their lives
more convenient and luxurious, and that the ingenuity of the rich will outstrip
the supply of labor by the poor and turn the poor into the middle class. But,
given the rapid development of technologies of governance and control, the
pessimistic view deserves attention. In this scenario, pieces of option three
remain stubbornly impervious to artificial intelligence and continue to be
mind-numbingly boring, while option four – engaging in social reciprocity and
negotiation – remains limited. APR 4, 2014. The Yalta Temptation. There is
nothing phony, however, about the efforts we Ukrainians are now making to defend
our country and our democracy. Our young men and women are volunteering for
military service like never before. Our government has negotiated a standby loan
agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the
tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order. That
agreement will also impose real economic pain, but Ukrainians are willing to pay
the price in order to preserve our independence. After a time of neglect, a time
when we – like the rest of Europe – believed that the continent's borders would
never again be changed by force, we are also increasing our defense spending,
despite our economy's precarious state. There will be no more surrendering of
sovereign Ukrainian territory. Most important, despite the Russian army massed
against us, we are embarking on an election campaign. Russian President Vladimir
Putin's recent phone call to US President Barack Obama to seek renewed
diplomatic talks, followed by a Russian white paper on how to resolve a crisis
of the Kremlin's making, is in fact a peace offensive that is offensive to
peace. Putin's gambit is akin to the infamous Yalta Conference in 1945, where
Joseph Stalin made Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt complicit in a
division of Europe that enslaved half of the continent for almost a
half-century. Today, Putin is seeking to make the West complicit in the
dismemberment of Ukraine by negotiating a Kremlin-designed federal constitution
that would create a dozen Crimeas–bite-size chunks that Russia could devour more
easily later. Of course, federalism sounds like a good thing. Devolving
political power closer to where people actually live is always, appealing and
usually effective. But the wellbeing of Ukrainian democracy is not what Putin
has in mind; for him, a federal system is a means for the Kremlin to make
political mischief and ultimately incorporate Ukraine's eastern and southern
regions into the Russian Federation. To paraphrase Clausewitz, federalism for
Putin is annexation by other means. One has only to look at the Russian
proposal's fine print: Ukraine's new federal units would have a powerful say
over "Ukraine's foreign-policy direction. "That provision would enable Putin to
try to coerce and manipulate Russian-speaking regions into vetoing the country's
European future. Ukraine's constitutional structure is for Ukraine's citizens
alone to decide. Russia can have no say in it – and nor should other countries,
however helpful they wish to be. Ukraine is not Bosnia, where the constitution
emerged out of peace talks that ended years of bloody warfare following the
breakup of Yugoslavia. Nor is it Kosovo, which became independent at the same
time that its governmental structures were being forged. Ukraine is a fully
sovereign state, recognized as such by the world, including Russia. To buy into
Putin's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing
about Ukraine's current interim government and the brave men and women who
ousted Yanukovych. Putin's factotums claim that Ukraine's Russian speakers are
under threat, but they cannot point to a single example of persecution that
might bear this out. No Russian-speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea
have fled into Russia, and no Russian-speaker has sought political asylum
anywhere else outside the country. The reason is simple: there is no oppression
of Russian speakers in Ukraine, and there never has been. Ukraine's government
under Yanukovych was incompetent, corrupt, and mendacious. But it was an
equal-opportunity oppressor. So should Ukraine really be forced to create a new
constitutional order based on the Big Lie? What we need is a competent,
efficient, and corruption-free government. And with Europe's help and technical
assistance, we will establish one. The desire of diplomats to find a peaceful
solution to Ukraine's crisis is understandable. But the terms that Russia is
demanding, if accepted by the West, would fatally undermine Ukraine's
sovereignty; worse, accepting Russia's terms would ratify the idea that powerful
countries may bully less powerful neighbors into doing their bidding, to the
point of surrendering their independence. Ukraine will stand up to the bully –
on our own, if necessary. We refuse to play the part of hapless victim in future
history textbooks. APR 7, 2014. The Mosquito Menace. STANFORD – Mosquito-borne
diseases kill millions of people annually, and cause suffering for many more. In
2012, there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria, leading to some
627,000 deaths. Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the
tropics and subtropics, with as many as 100 million people infected each year.
It takes only one bite from a disease-carrying mosquito to transmit a
debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with
astonishing speed. Given that there are no vaccines or drug treatments for
illnesses like dengue fever and West Nile virus, and that treatments for
diseases like malaria are difficult to access in many at-risk areas, more
effective mechanisms for controlling mosquito populations are desperately
needed. The good news is that a promising new technology is ready for
field-testing. It is now up to government agencies to facilitate its
development. Today, the dominant method for reducing insect populations – the
so-called "sterile insect technique" (SIT) – relies on radiation to sterilize
males, which are then released into infested areas to mate. But this approach,
which has been used since the middle of the last century, has not been effective
with mosquitoes, owing to their fragility. Advances in molecular biology offer
analogous – but far more sophisticated – solutions. Using molecular
genetic-engineering techniques, the British company Oxitec has created a new way
to control the mosquito species that transmits dengue fever. Male mosquitoes do
not bite, so their release presents no health risk, and, because their progeny
die, no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment. If the
males are released over a period of several months, this would, in theory,
result in a marked reduction in the mosquito population. All that is needed now
is to determine whether it works in practice. Scientific research to develop
products like irradiated sterile insects or the Oxitec mosquitoes proceeds
progressively from more to less contained conditions – from the laboratory to
confined trials to limited field trials. Now that Oxitec has conducted promising
field trials in the Cayman Islands, Malaysia, and Brazil, it is preparing to
conduct trials in other countries, including the United States. In order to
determine the appropriate level of oversight, government bodies would presumably
conduct a science-based risk analysis. The fact is that molecular genetic
engineering is more precise and predictable than older, cruder techniques As a
result, research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive,
discouraging investment and hampering innovation. This is all the more
problematic in the case of mosquito control, given the urgency of the problem.
The World Health Organization's Special Program for Research and Training in
Tropical Diseases has called upon regulatory agencies to emphasize
"science-based, case-by-case targeted requirements with a degree of practical
parsimony," instead of relying on "a precautionary approach that can require
data to address all theoretical risks. "In other words, regulators should
consider these innovations' public-health costs and benefits, and expedite their
review. Given the degree of suffering caused by mosquito-borne diseases,
government leaders must not subject genetic-engineering solutions for
controlling them to the same kinds of political and populist headwinds that have
impeded the approval of genetically engineered agricultural products. Europe's
Deepening Muddle. PRINCETON – German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble recently
declared that the European Union has "moved sovereignty to the European level" –
a startling claim, given that European governments seem to be pursuing their
national interests more aggressively than at any time since World War II. Was
Schauble's statement supposed to serve as a rallying cry for greater European
solidarity? While Schauble's strategy may sound appealing, it is, at best, the
symbolic garb of progress. For starters, the common funds are meager, with no
prospect of being increased – not least because of Germany's unrelenting
opposition. Likewise, so long as member countries maintain fiscal sovereignty, a
new mechanism to facilitate finger-wagging at countries that defy European
budget rules will change nothing. Over the last two decades, every effort to
discipline the EU's fiscal delinquents has failed, owing to the lack of
enforcement authority. Even as Germany's Bundesbank fiercely (and rightly)
opposed the OMT program for its focus on countries' solvency, rather than
liquidity risk – thus creating a backdoor fiscal union – the government was
relieved that the German Constitutional Court, assessing the scheme's legality,
ultimately passed the buck to the European Court of Justice. The EU is an
inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the
nineteenth-century nation-state. But progress toward that idealistic vision
cannot continue to depend on shopworn symbolism. The euro was the most audacious
of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value, with well-documented
fragilities. Its adoption was an act of economic hubris that has imposed costs
well beyond Europe's borders. Today, European leaders are indulging in
triumphalism, viewing the current economic reprieve as a validation of failed
transnational governance structures. But the depth and persistence of the
ongoing crisis have exposed the euro's fundamental fragilities, and should serve
as a warning that today's technocratic Band-Aids may not hold in the face of
another shock. Unfortunately, bold action to address these fragilities seems
more distant than ever. Balzac (20 May 1799-18 August 1850) was a French
novelist and playwright. His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and
novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine, which presents a panorama of
French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte. Due to his
keen observation of detail and unfiltered representation of society, Balzac is
regarded as one of the founders of realism in European literature. His writing
influenced many subsequent novelists such as Marcel Proust, Émile Zola, Charles
Dickens, Edgar Allan Poe, Eça De Queirós, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Gustave Flaubert,
Benito Pérez Galdós, Marie Corelli, Henry James, William Faulkner, Jack Kerouac,
and Italo Calvino, and philosophers such as Friedrich Engels and Karl Marx. Many
of Balzac's works have been made into or have inspired films, and they are a
continuing source of inspiration for writers, filmmakers and critics. An
enthusiastic reader and independent thinker as a child, Balzac had trouble
adapting to the teaching style of his grammar school. His willful nature caused
trouble throughout his life and frustrated his ambitions to succeed in the world
of business. When he finished school, Balzac was an apprentice in a law office,
but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and
banal routine. Before and during his career as a writer, he attempted to be a
publisher, printer, businessman, critic, and politician; he failed in all of
these efforts. La Comédie humaine reflects his real-life difficulties, and
includes scenes from his own experience. Balzac suffered from health problems
throughout his life, possibly due to his intense writing schedule. His
relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal
difficulties, and he ended several friendships over critical reviews. In 1850 he
married Ewelina Hanska, his longtime love; he died five months later. Honoré De
Balzac was born into a family which had struggled nobly to achieve
respectability. His father, born Bernard-François, was one of eleven children
from a poor family in Tarn, a region in the south of France. In 1760 the elder
Balzac set off for Paris with only a louis coin in his pocket, determined to
improve his social standing; by 1776 he had become Secretary to the King's
Council and a Freemason. He had also changed his name to that of an ancient
noble family, and added - without any official cause - the nobiliary particle
De. After the Reign of Terror (1793 – 94), he was sent to Tours to coordinate
supplies for the Army. Balzac's mother, born Anne-Charlotte-Laure Sallambier,
came from a family of haberdashers in Paris. Her family's wealth was a
considerable factor in the match: she was eighteen at the time of the wedding,
and Bernard-François fifty. She was not in love with her husband. "Honoré (so
named after Saint Honoré of Amiens, who is commemorated on 16 May, four days
before Balzac's birthday) was actually the second child born to the Balzacs;
exactly one year previous, Louis-Daniel had been born, but he lived for only a
month. Honoré's sisters Laure and Laurence were born in 1800 and 1802, and his
brother Henry-François in 1807. As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet-nurse; the
following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away
from home. (Although Genevan philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau's influential
book Émile convinced many mothers of the time to nurse their own children,
sending babies to wet-nurses was still common among the middle and upper
classes.) When the Balzac children returned home, they were kept at a frigid
distance by their parents, which affected the author-to-be significantly. His
1835 novel Le Lys dans La Vallée features a cruel governess named Miss Caroline,
modeled after his own caregiver. At age ten Balzac was sent to the Oratorian
grammar school in Vendôme, where he studied for seven years. His father, seeking
to instill the same hardscrabble work ethic which had gained him the esteem of
society, intentionally gave little spending money to the boy. This made him the
object of ridicule among his much wealthier schoolmates. As a result, he was
frequently sent to the "alcove," a punishment cell reserved for disobedient
students. Balzac worked these scenes from his boyhood-as he did many aspects of
his life and the lives of those around him-into La Comédie Humaine. "He devoured
books of every kind, feeding indiscriminately on religious works, history and
literature, philosophy and physics. He had told me that he found indescribable
delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books. "Balzac often fell ill,
finally causing the headmaster to contact his family with news of a "sort of a
coma". When he returned home, his grandmother said: "Look how the academy
returns the pretty ones we send them!" Balzac himself attributed his condition
to "intellectual congestion", but his extended confinement in the "alcove" was
surely a factor. (Meanwhile, his father had been writing a treatise on "the
means of preventing thefts and murders, and of restoring the men who commit them
to a useful role in society", in which he heaped disdain on prison as a form of
crime prevention.) In 1814 the Balzac family moved to Paris, and Honoré was sent
to private tutors and schools for the next two and a half years. This was an
unhappy time in his life, during which he attempted suicide on a bridge over the
Loire River. In 1816 Balzac entered the Sorbonne, where he studied under three
famous professors. François Guizot, who later became Prime Minister, was
Professor of Modern History. Abel-François Villemain, a recent arrival from the
Collège Charlemagne, lectured on French and classical literature. And - most
influential of all - Victor Cousin's courses on philosophy encouraged his
students to think independently. Once his studies were completed, Balzac was
persuaded by his father to follow him into the law; for three years he trained
and worked at the office of Victor Passez, a family friend. During this time
Balzac began to understand the vagaries of human nature. In his 1840 novel Le
Notaire, he wrote that a young person in the legal profession sees "the oily
wheels of every fortune, the hideous wrangling of heirs over corpses not yet
cold, the human heart grappling with the Penal Code." In 1819 Passez offered to
make Balzac his successor, but his apprentice had enough of the law. He
despaired of being "a clerk, a machine, a riding-school hack, eating and
drinking and sleeping at fixed hours. I should be like everyone else. And that's
what they call living, that life at the grindstone, doing the same thing over
and over again.... I am hungry and nothing is offered to appease my appetite.
"He announced his intention to be a writer. The loss of this opportunity caused
serious discord in the Balzac household, although Honoré was not turned away
entirely. Instead, in April 1819 he was allowed to live in the French capital -
as English critic George Saintsbury describes it - "in a garret furnished in the
most Spartan fashion, with a starvation allowance and an old woman to look after
him", while the rest of the family moved to a house twenty miles [32 km] outside
Paris. Balzac's first project was a libretto for a comic opera called Le
Corsaire, based on Lord Byron's The Corsair. Realizing he would have trouble
finding a composer, however, he turned to other pursuits. In 1820 Balzac
completed the five-act verse tragedy Cromwell. Although it pales in comparison
to later works, some critics consider it a quality text. When he finished,
Balzac went to Villeparisis and read the entire work to his family; they were
unimpressed. He followed this effort by starting (but never finishing) three
novels: Sténie, Falthurne, and Corsino. In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising
Auguste Lepoitevin, who convinced the author to write short stories, which
Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers. Balzac quickly turned to longer works,
and by 1826 he had written nine novels, all published under pseudonyms and often
produced in collaboration with other writers. For example, the scandalous novel
Vicaire des Ardennes (1822) - banned for its depiction of nearly-incestuous
relations and, more egregiously, of a married priest - attributed to a 'Horace
De Saint-Aubin'. These books were potboiler novels, designed to sell quickly and
titillate audiences. In Saintsbury's view, "They are curiously, interestingly,
almost enthrallingly bad. Biographer Graham Robb suggests that as he discovered
the Novel, Balzac discovered himself. During this time Balzac wrote two
pamphlets in support of primogeniture and the Society of Jesus. The latter,
regarding the Jesuit order, illustrated his lifelong admiration for the Catholic
Church. In the preface to La Comédie Humaine he wrote: "Christianity, and
especially Catholicism, being a complete repression of man's depraved
tendencies, is the greatest element in Social Order." His first venture was a
publishing enterprise which turned out cheap one-volume editions of French
classics including the works of Molière. This business failed miserably, with
many of the books "sold as waste paper". Balzac had better luck publishing the
memoirs of Laure Junot, Duchess of Abrantès - with whom he also had an affair.
Balzac borrowed money from his family and friends, and tried to build a printing
business, then a typefounder enterprise. His inexperience and lack of capital
caused his ruin in these trades. He gave the businesses to a friend (who made
them successful) but carried the debts for many years. As of April 1828 Balzac
owed 50,000 francs to his mother. Balzac never lost his penchant for une bonne
spéculation. It resurfaced painfully later when - as a renowned and busy author
- he traveled to Sardinia in the hopes of reprocessing the slag from the Roman
mines in that country. After writing several novels, in 1832 Balzac conceived
the idea for an enormous series of books that would paint a panoramic portrait
of "all aspects of society. "I am about to become a genius. "Although he
originally called it Etudes des Mœurs (Study of Mores), it eventually became
known as La Comédie Humaine, and he included in it all the fiction that he had
published in his lifetime under his own name. This was to be Balzac's life work
and his greatest achievement. After the collapse of his businesses, Balzac
traveled to Brittany and stayed with the De Pommereul family outside Fougères.
There he drew inspiration for Les Chouans (1829), a tale of love gone wrong amid
the Chouan royalist forces. This was the first book Balzac released under his
own name, and it gave him what one critic called "passage into the Promised
Land". It established him as an author of note (even if the surface owes a debt
to Walter Scott) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms. Soon
afterwards, around the time of his father's death, Balzac wrote El Verdugo -
about a 30-year-old man who kills his father (Balzac was 30 years old at the
time). This was the first work signed "Honoré De Balzac". Like his father, he
added the aristocratic-sounding particle to help him fit into respected society,
but it was a choice based on skill, not birthright. "The aristocracy and
authority of talent are more substantial than the aristocracy of names and
material power", he wrote in 1830. The timing of the decision was also
significant; "The disappearance of the father coincides with the adoption of the
nobiliary particle. "Just as his father had worked his way up from poverty into
respectable society, Balzac considered toil and effort his real mark of
nobility. When the July Revolution overthrew Charles X in 1830, Balzac declared
himself a Legitimist, supporting Charles' House of Bourbon - but with
qualifications. He felt that the new July Monarchy (which claimed widespread
popular support) was disorganized and unprincipled, in need of a mediator to
keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces. But after a
near-fatal accident in 1832 (he slipped and his head on the street), Balzac
decided not to stand for election. 1831 saw the success of La Peau De Chagrin
(The Wild Ass's Skin or The Magic skin), a fable-like tale about a despondent
young man named Raphaël De Valentin who finds an animal skin which promises
great power and wealth. He obtains these things, but loses the ability to manage
them. Balzac meant the story to bear witness to the treacherous turns of life,
its "serpentine motion. "In 1833 Balzac released Eugénie Grandet, his first
best-selling novel. The tale of a young lady who inherits her father's
miserliness, it also became the most critically acclaimed book of his career.
The writing is simple, yet the individuals (especially the bourgeois title
character) are dynamic and complex. Today the Maison De Balzac is one of Paris's
three literary museums. Le Père Goriot (Old Father Goriot, 1835) was his next
success, in which Balzac transposes the story of King Lear to 1820 's Paris in
order to rage at a society bereft of all love save the love of money. The
centrality of a father in this novel matches Balzac's own position - not only as
mentor to his troubled young secretary, Jules Sandeau, but also the fact that he
had (most likely) fathered a child, Marie-Caroline, with his otherwise-married
lover, Maria Du Fresnay. In 1836 Balzac took the helm of the Chronique De Paris,
a weekly magazine of society and politics. He tried to enforce strict
impartiality in its pages and a reasoned assessment of various ideologies. As
Rogers notes, "Balzac was interested in any social, political, or economic
theory, whether from the right or the left. "The magazine failed, but in July
1840 he founded another publication, the Revue Parisienne. It lasted for three
issues. These dismal business efforts - and his misadventures in Sardinia -
provided an appropriate milieu in which to set the two-volume Illusions Perdues
(Lost Illusions, 1843). The novel concerns Lucien De Rubempré, a young poet
trying to make a name for himself, who becomes trapped in the morass of
society's darkest contradictions. Lucien's journalism work is informed by
Balzac's own failed ventures in the field. Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes
(The Harlot High and Low, 1847) continues Lucien's story. He is trapped by the
Abbé Herrera (Vautrin) in a convoluted and disastrous plan to regain social
status. The book undergoes a massive temporal rift; the first part (of four)
covers a span of six years, while the final two sections focus on just three
days. The conniving and wrangling over wills and inheritances reflect the
expertise gained by the author as a young law clerk. Balzac's health was
deteriorating by this point, making the completion of this pair of books a
significant accomplishment. Many of his novels were initially serialized, like
those of Dickens. Illusions Perdues extends to a thousand pages after starting
inauspiciously in a small-town print shop, whereas La Fille aux Yeux D'Or (the
girl with the golden eyes, 1835) opens with a broad panorama of Paris but
becomes a closely plotted novella of only fifty pages. He then rose and wrote
for many hours, fueled by innumerable cups of black coffee. He would often work
for fifteen hours or more at a stretch; he claimed to have once worked for 48
hours with only three hours of rest in the middle. Balzac revised obsessively,
covering printer's proofs with changes and additions to be reset. He sometimes
repeated this process during the publication of a book, causing significant
expense for both himself and the publisher. As a result, the finished product
was frequently quite different from the original book. While some of his books
never reached a finished state, some of those - such as Les employés (The
Government Clerks, 1841) - are nonetheless noted by critics. He was friends with
Théophile Gautier and Pierre-Marie-Charles De Bernard du Grail De La Villette,
and he knew Victor Hugo. Nevertheless, he did not spend as much time in salons
and clubs as did many of his characters. "In the first place he was too busy",
explains Saintsbury, "in the second he would not have been at home there.... He
felt it was his business not to frequent society but to create it. "Nonetheless
he often spent long periods at Château De Saché, near Tours, the home of his
friend Jean De Margonne, his mother's lover and father to her youngest child.
Many of Balzac's tormented characters were created in the small second-floor
bedroom. Today the Château is a museum dedicated to the author's life. In
February 1832 Balzac received a letter from Odessa - lacking a return address
and signed only by "L'Étrangère" ("The Foreigner") - expressing sadness at the
cynicism and atheism in La Peau De Chagrin and its negative portrayal of women.
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France,
hoping that his anonymous critic would find it. Thus began a fifteen-year
correspondence between Balzac and "the object of [his] sweetest dreams": Ewelina
Hanska. Hanska was married to a man twenty years her senior, Waclaw Hanski, a
wealthy Polish landowner living near Kiev. It had been a marriage of convenience
to preserve her family's fortune. In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for
her emotional and social desires, with the added benefit of feeling a connection
to the glamorous capital of France. Robb says it is "like an experimental novel
in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities
but which the hero is determined to keep on course, whatever tricks he has to
use. "Waclaw Hanski died in 1841, and his widow and her admirer finally had the
chance to pursue their affections. Competing with the Hungarian composer Franz
Liszt, Balzac visited her in St.Petersburg in 1843 and impressed himself on her
heart. After a series of economic setbacks, health problems, and prohibitions
from the Tsar, the couple were finally able to wed. On 14 March 1850, with
Balzac's health in serious decline, they drove from her estate in Wierzchownia
(village of Verkhivnia) to a church in Berdyczów (city of Berdychiv, today in
Ukraine) and were married. The ten-hour journey to and from the ceremony took a
toll on both husband and wife: her feet were too swollen to walk, and he endured
severe heart trouble. Although he married late in life, Balzac had already
written two treatises on marriage: Physiologie du Mariage and Scènes De La Vie
Conjugale. These works suffered from a lack of firsthand knowledge; Saintsbury
points out that "Cœlebs cannot talk of [marriage] with much authority. "In late
April the newly-weds set off for Paris. They arrived in the French capital on 20
May, his fifty-first birthday. Five months after his wedding, on 18 August,
Balzac died. He had been visited that day by Victor Hugo, who later served as
pallbearer and eulogist at Balzac's funeral. Balzac was buried at the Cimetière
du Père Lachaise in Paris. "Today", said Hugo at the ceremony, "we have a people
in black because of the death of the man of talent; a nation in mourning for a
man of genius. "The funeral was attended by "almost every writer in Paris",
including Frédérick Lemaître, Gustave Courbet, Dumas père and Dumas fils. Later,
Balzac became the subject of a monumental statue by the French sculptor Auguste
Rodin, which stands near the intersection of Boulevard Raspail and Boulevard
Montparnasse. Rodin featured Balzac in several of his smaller sculptures as
well. The Comédie Humaine remained unfinished at the time of his death - Balzac
had plans to include numerous other books, most of which he never started. He
frequently moved between works in progress, and "finished" works were often
revised between editions. This piecemeal style is reflective of the author's own
life, a possible attempt to stabilize it through fiction. "The vanishing man",
writes Pritchett, "who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to... Versailles,
Ville D'Avray, Italy, and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his
work. "Balzac's extensive use of detail, especially the detail of objects, to
illustrate the lives of his characters made him an early pioneer of literary
realism. In the preface to the first edition of Scènes De La Vie Privée, he
writes: For example, Balzac's friend Hyacinthe De Latouche had knowledge of
hanging wallpaper. Balzac transferred this to his descriptions of the Pension
Vauquer in Le Père Goriot, making the wallpaper speak of the identities of those
living inside. French novelist Émile Zola declared Balzac the father of the
naturalist novel. Zola indicated that, whereas Romantics saw the world through a
colored lens, the naturalist sees through a clear glass - precisely the sort of
effect Balzac attempted to achieve in his works. "To arrive at the truth", he
wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée, "writers use whatever literary
device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their
characters. ""Balzac's characters", Robb notes, "were as real to him as if he
were observing them in the outside world. "This reality was noted by playwright
Oscar Wilde, who said: I remember it when I laugh. One critic explained that
"there is a center and a circumference to Balzac's world. "Balzac's use of
repeating characters, moving in and out of the Comédie's books, strengthens the
realist representation. "When the characters reappear", notes Rogers, "they do
not step out of nowhere; they emerge from the privacy of their own lives which,
for an interval, we have not been allowed to see. "He also used a realist
technique which French novelist Marcel Proust later named "retrospective
illumination", whereby a character's past is revealed long after she or he first
appears. A nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac's
novels. Struggling against the currents of human nature and society, they may
lose more often than they win - but only rarely do they give up. Balzac spoke
often of a "nervous and fluid force" between individuals, and Raphaël Valentin's
decline in La Peau De Chagrin exemplifies the danger of withdrawing from the
company of other people. Intricate details about locations sometimes stretch for
fifteen or twenty pages. The influence of Paris permeates La Comédie. "His
labyrinthine city provided a literary model used later by English novelist
Charles Dickens and Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky. The centrality of Paris in
La Comédie Humaine is key to Balzac's legacy as a realist. "Realism is nothing
if not urban", notes critic Peter Brooks; the scene of a young man coming into
the city to find his fortune is ubiquitous in the realist novel, and appears
repeatedly in Balzac's works, such as Illusions Perdues. Balzac's literary mood
evolved over time from one of despondency and chagrin to one of solidarity and
courage - but not optimism. La Peau De Chagrin, among his earliest novels, is a
pessimistic tale of confusion and destruction. But the cynicism declined as his
oeuvre progressed, and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for
those who are pushed to one side by society. Balzac concerned himself
overwhelmingly with the darker essence of human nature and the corrupting
influence of middle and high societies. He worked to observe humanity in its
most representative state, frequently passing incognito among the masses of
Parisian society to do research. He used incidents from his life and the people
around him, in works like Eugénie Grandet and Louis Lambert. Balzac was a highly
conservative Royalist; in many ways, he is the antipode to Victor Hugo's
democratic republicanism. Nevertheless, his keen insight regarding working-class
conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists. Engels said
that Balzac was his favorite writer. Marx's work Das Kapital also makes constant
reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac's work The
Unknown Masterpiece. Balzac influenced the writers of his time and beyond. He
has been compared to Charles Dickens and has been called one of Dickens'
influences. Critic W. H. Helm calls one "the French Dickens" and the other "the
English Balzac". Critic Richard Lehan says that "Balzac was the bridge between
the comic realism of Dickens and the naturalism of Zola." Gustave Flaubert was
also substantially influenced by Balzac. Praising his portrayal of society while
attacking his prose style, Flaubert once wrote: "What a man he would have been
had he known how to write! "While he disdained the label of "realist", Flaubert
clearly took heed of Balzac's close attention to detail and unvarnished
depictions of bourgeois life. This influence shows in Flaubert's work
L'education sentimentale, which owes a debt to Balzac's Illusions Perdues. "What
Balzac started", says Lehan, "Flaubert helped finish. "Marcel Proust similarly
learned from the Realist example; he adored Balzac and studied his works
carefully, although he criticised what he called Balzac's "vulgarity. "Balzac's
story Une Heure de ma Vie (An Hour of my Life, 1822), in which minute details
are followed by deep personal reflections, is a clear ancestor of the style
which Proust used in A la Recherche du Temps Perdu. However, Proust wrote later
in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was
"madness. "Perhaps the author most affected by Balzac was American expatriate
novelist Henry James. In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of
contemporary attention paid to Balzac, and lavished praise on him in four essays
(in 1875, 1877, 1902, and 1913). In 1878 James wrote: "Large as Balzac is, he is
all of one piece and he hangs perfectly together. "He wrote with admiration of
Balzac's attempt to portray in writing "a beast with a hundred claws. "In his
own novels James explored more of the psychological motives of the characters
and less of the historical sweep exhibited by Balzac - a conscious style
preference. "Still, both authors used the form of the realist novel to probe the
machinations of society and the myriad motives of human behavior. Balzac's
vision of a society in which class, money and personal ambition are the major
players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political
tendencies. Marxist Friedrich Engels wrote: "I have learned more [from Balzac]
than from all the professional historians, economists and statisticians put
together. In 1970 Roland Barthes published S/Z, a detailed analysis of Balzac's
story Sarrasine and a key work in structuralist literary criticism. Balzac has
also influenced popular culture. Many of his works have been made into popular
films and television serials. William Shakespeare (26 April 1564 (baptised) – 23
April 1616) was an English poet, playwright and actor, widely regarded as the
greatest writer in the English language and the world's pre-eminent dramatist.
He is often called England's national poet and the "Bard of Avon". His extant
works, including some collaborations, consist of about 38 plays, 154 sonnets,
two long narrative poems, and a few other verses, the authorship of some of
which is uncertain. His plays have been translated into every major living
language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright.
Shakespeare was born and brought up in Stratford-upon-Avon. Susanna, and twins
Hamnet and Judith. Between 1585 and 1592, he began a successful career in London
as an actor, writer, and part-owner of a playing company called the Lord
Chamberlain's Men, later known as the King's Men. He appears to have retired to
Stratford around 1613 at age 49, where he died three years later. Few records of
Shakespeare's private life survive, and there has been considerable speculation
about such matters as his physical appearance, sexuality, religious beliefs, and
whether the works attributed to him were written by others. Shakespeare produced
most of his known work between 1589 and 1613. His early plays were mainly
comedies and histories, genres he raised to the peak of sophistication and
artistry by the end of the 16th century. He then wrote mainly tragedies until
about 1608, including Hamlet, King Lear, Othello, and Macbeth, considered some
of the finest works in the English language. In his last phase, he wrote
tragicomedies, also known as romances, and collaborated with other playwrights.
Many of his plays were published in editions of varying quality and accuracy
during his lifetime. In 1623, John Heminges and Henry Condell, two friends and
fellow actors of Shakespeare, published the First Folio, a collected edition of
his dramatic works that included all but two of the plays now recognised as
Shakespeare's. It was prefaced with a poem by Ben Jonson, in which Shakespeare
is hailed, presciently, as "not of an age, but for all time. The Romantics, in
particular, acclaimed Shakespeare's genius, and the Victorians worshipped
Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called "bardolatry". In
the 20th century, his work was repeatedly adopted and rediscovered by new
movements in scholarship and performance. His plays remain highly popular today
and are constantly studied, performed, and reinterpreted in diverse cultural and
political contexts throughout the world. William Shakespeare was the son of John
Shakespeare, an alderman and a successful glover originally from Snitterfield,
and Mary Arden, the daughter of an affluent landowning farmer. He was born in
Stratford-upon-Avon and baptised there on 26 April 1564. This date, which can be
traced back to an 18th-century scholar's mistake, has proved appealing to
biographers, since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616. He was the third child of
eight and the eldest surviving son. Although no attendance records for the
period survive, most biographers agree that Shakespeare was probably educated at
the King's New School in Stratford, a free school chartered in 1553, about a
quarter-mile from his home. Grammar schools varied in quality during the
Elizabethan era, but grammar school curricula were largely similar, the basic
Latin text was standardised by royal decree, and the school would have provided
an intensive education in grammar based upon Latin classical authors. John
Shakespeare's house, believed to be Shakespeare's birthplace, in
Stratford-upon-Avon. At the age of 18, Shakespeare married the 26-year-old Anne
Hathaway. The consistory court of the Diocese of Worcester issued a marriage
licence on 27 November 1582. The next day, two of Hathaway's neighbours posted
bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage. The ceremony may
have been arranged in some haste, since the Worcester chancellor allowed the
marriage banns to be read once instead of the usual three times, and six months
after the marriage Anne gave birth to a daughter, Susanna, baptised 26 May 1583.
Twins, son Hamnet and daughter Judith, followed almost two years later and were
baptised 2 February 1585. Hamnet died of unknown causes at the age of 11 and was
buried 11 August 1596. After the birth of the twins, Shakespeare left few
historical traces until he is mentioned as part of the London theatre scene in
1592. The exception is the appearance of his name in the 'complaints bill' of a
law case before the Queen's Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term
1588 and 9 October 1589. Scholars refer to the years between 1585 and 1592 as
Shakespeare's "lost years". Biographers attempting to account for this period
have reported many apocryphal stories. Nicholas Rowe, Shakespeare's first
biographer, recounted a Stratford legend that Shakespeare fled the town for
London to escape prosecution for deer poaching in the estate of local squire
Thomas Lucy. Shakespeare is also supposed to have taken his revenge on Lucy by
writing a scurrilous ballad about him. Another 18th-century story has
Shakespeare starting his theatrical career minding the horses of theatre patrons
in London. John Aubrey reported that Shakespeare had been a country
schoolmaster. Some 20th-century scholars have suggested that Shakespeare may
have been employed as a schoolmaster by Alexander Hoghton of Lancashire, a
Catholic landowner who named a certain "William Shakeshafte" in his will. Little
evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his
death, and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area. By then, he was
sufficiently well known in London to be attacked in print by the playwright
Robert Greene in his Groats-Worth of Wit: ... there is an upstart Crow,
beautified with our feathers, that with his Tiger's heart wrapped in a Player's
hide, supposes he is as well able to bombast out a blank verse as the best of
you: and being an absolute Johannes factotum, is in his own conceit the only
Shake-Scene in a country. Scholars differ on the exact meaning of these words,
but most agree that Greene is accusing Shakespeare of reaching above his rank in
trying to match university-educated writers such as Christopher Marlowe, Thomas
Nashe and Greene himself (the "university wits"). The italicised phrase
parodying the line "Oh, tiger's heart wrapped in a woman's hide" from
Shakespeare's Henry VI, Part 3, along with the pun "Shake-Scene", identifies
Shakespeare as Greene's target. Here Johannes Factotum — "Jack of all trades" —
means a second-rate tinkerer with the work of others, rather than the more
common "universal genius". Greene's attack is the earliest surviving mention of
Shakespeare's career in the theatre. Biographers suggest that his career may
have begun any time from the mid-1580s to just before Greene's remarks. From
1594, Shakespeare's plays were performed by only the Lord Chamberlain's Men, a
company owned by a group of players, including Shakespeare, that soon became the
leading playing company in London. After the death of Queen Elizabeth in 1603,
the company was awarded a royal patent by the new king, James I, and changed its
name to the King's Men. In 1608, the partnership also took over the Blackfriars
indoor theatre. In 1597, he bought the second-largest house in Stratford, New
Place, and in 1605, he invested in a share of the parish tithes in Stratford.
Some of Shakespeare's plays were published in quarto editions from 1594. By
1598, his name had become a selling point and began to appear on the title
pages. Shakespeare continued to act in his own and other plays after his success
as a playwright. The 1616 edition of Ben Jonson's Works names him on the cast
lists for Every Man In His Humour (1598) and Sejanus His Fall (1603). The
absence of his name from the 1605 cast list for Jonson's Volpone is taken by
some scholars as a sign that his acting career was nearing its end. The First
Folio of 1623, however, lists Shakespeare as one of "the Principal Actors in all
these Plays", some of which were first staged after Volpone, although we cannot
know for certain which roles he played. In 1610, John Davies of Hereford wrote
that "good Will" played "kingly" roles. In 1709, Rowe passed down a tradition
that Shakespeare played the ghost of Hamlet's father. Later traditions maintain
that he also played Adam in As You Like It and the Chorus in Henry V, though
scholars doubt the sources of the information. Shakespeare divided his time
between London and Stratford during his career. He moved across the river to
Southwark by 1599, the year his company constructed the Globe Theatre there.
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition, repeated by Johnson, that
Shakespeare retired to Stratford 'some years before his death'. He was still
working as an actor in London in 1608; in an answer to the sharers' petition in
1635 Cuthbert Burbage stated that after purchasing the lease of the Blackfriars
Theatre in 1608 from Henry Evans, the King's Men 'placed men players' there,
'which were Heminges, Condell, Shakespeare, etc.'. In a document dated 7 June
1609 in a lawsuit he brought in Stratford against John Addenbrooke, Shakespeare
is described as 'generosus nuper in curia domini Jacobi' ('gentleman, recently
at the Court of King James'). However it is perhaps relevant that the bubonic
plague raged in London throughout 1609. The London public playhouses were
repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague (a total of over 60
months closure between May 1603 and February 1610), which meant there was often
no acting work. Retirement from all work was uncommon at that time. Shakespeare
continued to visit London during the years 1611–1614. In March 1613 he bought a
gatehouse in the former Blackfriars priory; and from November 1614 he was in
London for several weeks with his son-in-law, John Hall. After 1610, Shakespeare
wrote fewer plays, and none are attributed to him after 1613. Shakespeare died
on 23 April 1616 and was survived by his wife and two daughters. Susanna had
married a physician, John Hall, in 1607, and Judith had married Thomas Quiney, a
vintner, two months before Shakespeare's death. Shakespeare signed his last will
and testament on 25 March 1616; the following day his new son-in-law, Thomas
Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler,
who had died during childbirth. Thomas was ordered by the church court to do
public penance which would have caused much shame and embarrassment for the
Shakespeare family. In his will, Shakespeare left the bulk of his large estate
to his elder daughter Susanna. The terms instructed that she pass it down intact
to "the first son of her body". The Quineys had three children, all of whom died
without marrying. The Halls had one child, Elizabeth, who married twice but died
without children in 1670, ending Shakespeare's direct line. Shakespeare's will
scarcely mentions his wife, Anne, who was probably entitled to one third of his
estate automatically. He did make a point, however, of leaving her "my second
best bed", a bequest that has led to much speculation. Some scholars see the
bequest as an insult to Anne, whereas others believe that the second-best bed
would have been the matrimonial bed and therefore rich in significance. Sometime
before 1623, a funerary monument was erected in his memory on the north wall,
with a half-effigy of him in the act of writing. Its plaque compares him to
Nestor, Socrates, and Virgil. In 1623, in conjunction with the publication of
the First Folio, the Droeshout engraving was published. Shakespeare has been
commemorated in many statues and memorials around the world, including funeral
monuments in Southwark Cathedral and Poets' Corner in Westminster Abbey. Most
playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point, and
critics agree that Shakespeare did the same, mostly early and late in his
career. Some attributions, such as Titus Andronicus and the early history plays,
remain controversial, while The Two Noble Kinsmen and the lost Cardenio have
well-attested contemporary documentation. Textual evidence also supports the
view that several of the plays were revised by other writers after their
original composition. The first recorded works of Shakespeare are Richard III
and the three parts of Henry VI, written in the early 1590 s during a vogue for
historical drama. Shakespeare's plays are difficult to date, however, and
studies of the texts suggest that Titus Andronicus, The Comedy of Errors, The
Taming of the Shrew and The Two Gentlemen of Verona may also belong to
Shakespeare's earliest period. His first histories, which draw heavily on the
1587 edition of Raphael Holinshed's Chronicles of England, Scotland, and
Ireland, dramatise the destructive results of weak or corrupt rule and have been
interpreted as a justification for the origins of the Tudor dynasty. The early
plays were influenced by the works of other Elizabethan dramatists, especially
Thomas Kyd and Christopher Marlowe, by the traditions of medieval drama, and by
the plays of Seneca. The Comedy of Errors was also based on classical models,
but no source for The Taming of the Shrew has been found, though it is related
to a separate play of the same name and may have derived from a folk story. Like
The Two Gentlemen of Verona, in which two friends appear to approve of rape, the
Shrew's story of the taming of a woman's independent spirit by a man sometimes
troubles modern critics and directors. Shakespeare's early classical and
Italianate comedies, containing tight double plots and precise comic sequences,
give way in the Mid-1590s to the romantic atmosphere of his greatest comedies. A
Midsummer Night's Dream is a witty mixture of romance, fairy magic, and comic
lowlife scenes. Shakespeare's next comedy, the equally romantic Merchant of
Venice, contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock, which
reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences. The
wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing, the charming rural setting of As You
Like It, and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare's
sequence of great comedies. This period begins and ends with two tragedies:
Romeo and Juliet, the famous romantic tragedy of sexually charged adolescence,
love, and death; and Julius Caesar — based on Sir Thomas North's 1579
translation of Plutarch's Parallel Lives — which introduced a new kind of drama.
According to Shakespearean scholar James Shapiro, in Julius Caesar "the various
strands of politics, character, inwardness, contemporary events, even
Shakespeare's own reflections on the act of writing, began to infuse each
other". In the early 17th century, Shakespeare wrote the so-called "problem
plays" Measure for Measure, Troilus and Cressida, and All's Well That Ends Well
and a number of his best known tragedies. Many critics believe that
Shakespeare's greatest tragedies represent the peak of his art. The titular hero
of one of Shakespeare's most famous tragedies, Hamlet, has probably been
discussed more than any other Shakespearean character, especially for his famous
soliloquy which begins "To be or not to be; Unlike the introverted Hamlet, whose
fatal flaw is hesitation, the heroes of the tragedies that followed, Othello and
King Lear, are undone by hasty errors of judgement. The plots of Shakespeare's
tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws, which overturn order and
destroy the hero and those he loves. In Othello, the villain Iago stokes
Othello's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who
loves him. In King Lear, the old king commits the tragic error of giving up his
powers, initiating the events which lead to the torture and blinding of the Earl
of Gloucester and the murder of Lear's youngest daughter Cordelia. According to
the critic Frank Kermode, "the play-offers neither its good characters nor its
audience any relief from its cruelty". In Macbeth, the shortest and most
compressed of Shakespeare's tragedies, uncontrollable ambition incites Macbeth
and his wife, Lady Macbeth, to murder the rightful king and usurp the throne,
until their own guilt destroys them in turn. In this play, Shakespeare adds a
supernatural element to the tragic structure. His last major tragedies, Antony
and Cleopatra and Coriolanus, contain some of Shakespeare's finest poetry and
were considered his most successful tragedies by the poet and critic T. S.
Eliot. In his final period, Shakespeare turned to romance or tragicomedy and
completed three more major plays: Cymbeline, The Winter's Tale and The Tempest,
as well as the collaboration, Pericles, Prince of Tyre. Less bleak than the
tragedies, these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590s,
but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic
errors. Some commentators have seen this change in mood as evidence of a more
serene view of life on Shakespeare's part, but it may merely reflect the
theatrical fashion of the day. It is not clear for which companies Shakespeare
wrote his early plays. The title page of the 1594 edition of Titus Andronicus
reveals that the play had been acted by three different troupes. After the
plagues of 1592–3, Shakespeare's plays were performed by his own company at The
Theatre and the Curtain in Shoreditch, north of the Thames. Londoners flocked
there to see the first part of Henry IV, Leonard Digges recording, "Let but
Falstaff come, Hal, Poins, the rest... and you scarce shall have a room". When
the company found themselves in dispute with their landlord, they pulled The
Theatre down and used the timbers to construct the Globe Theatre, the first
playhouse built by actors for actors, on the south bank of the Thames at
Southwark. The Globe opened in autumn 1599, with Julius Caesar one of the first
plays staged. Most of Shakespeare's greatest post-1599 plays were written for
the Globe, including Hamlet, Othello and King Lear. After the Lord Chamberlain's
Men were renamed the King's Men in 1603, they entered a special relationship
with the new King James. Although the performance records are patchy, the King's
Men performed seven of Shakespeare's plays at court between 1 November 1604 and
31 October 1605, including two performances of The Merchant of Venice. After
1608, they performed at the indoor Blackfriars Theatre during the winter and the
Globe during the summer. The indoor setting, combined with the Jacobean fashion
for lavishly staged masques, allowed Shakespeare to introduce more elaborate
stage devices. The actors in Shakespeare's company included the famous Richard
Burbage, William Kempe, Henry Condell and John Heminges. Burbage played the
leading role in the first performances of many of Shakespeare's plays, including
Richard III, Hamlet, Othello, and King Lear. The popular comic actor Will Kempe
played the servant Peter in Romeo and Juliet and Dogberry in Much Ado About
Nothing, among other characters. He was replaced around the turn of the 16th
century by Robert Armin, who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It
and the fool in King Lear. On 29 June, however, a cannon set fire to the thatch
of the Globe and burned the theatre to the ground, an event which pinpoints the
date of a Shakespeare play with rare precision. In 1623, John Heminges and Henry
Condell, two of Shakespeare's friends from the King's Men, published the First
Folio, a collected edition of Shakespeare's plays. Many of the plays had already
appeared in quarto versions — flimsy books made from sheets of paper folded
twice to make four leaves. No evidence suggests that Shakespeare approved these
editions, which the First Folio describes as "stol'n and surreptitious copies".
Alfred Pollard termed some of them "bad quartos" because of their adapted,
paraphrased or garbled texts, which may in places have been reconstructed from
memory. Where several versions of a play survive, each differs from the other.
The differences may stem from copying or printing errors, from notes by actors
or audience members, or from Shakespeare's own papers. In some cases, for
example Hamlet, Troilus and Cressida and Othello, Shakespeare could have revised
the texts between the quarto and folio editions. In the case of King Lear,
however, while most modern editions do conflate them, the 1623 folio version is
so different from the 1608 quarto, that the Oxford Shakespeare prints them both,
arguing that they cannot be conflated without confusion. In 1593 and 1594, when
the theatres were closed because of plague, Shakespeare published two narrative
poems on erotic themes, Venus and Adonis and The Rape of Lucrece. In Venus and
Adonis, an innocent Adonis rejects the sexual advances of Venus; while in The
Rape of Lucrece, the virtuous wife Lucrece is raped by the lustful Tarquin.
Influenced by Ovid's Metamorphoses, the poems show the guilt and moral confusion
that result from uncontrolled lust. Both proved popular and were often reprinted
during Shakespeare's lifetime. A third narrative poem, A Lover's Complaint, in
which a young woman laments her seduction by a persuasive suitor, was printed in
the first edition of the Sonnets in 1609. Most scholars now accept that
Shakespeare wrote A Lover's Complaint. Critics consider that its fine qualities
are marred by leaden effects. The Phoenix and the Turtle, printed in Robert
Chester's 1601 Love's Martyr, mourns the deaths of the legendary phoenix and his
lover, the faithful turtle dove. In 1599, two early drafts of sonnets 138 and
144 appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim, published under Shakespeare's name but
without his permission. Published in 1609, the Sonnets were the last of
Shakespeare's non-dramatic works to be printed. Scholars are not certain when
each of the 154 sonnets was composed, but evidence suggests that Shakespeare
wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership. Even before the
two unauthorised sonnets appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim in 1599, Francis
Meres had referred in 1598 to Shakespeare's "sugred Sonnets among his private
friends". Few analysts believe that the published collection follows
Shakespeare's intended sequence. He seems to have planned two contrasting
series: one about uncontrollable lust for a married woman of dark complexion
(the "dark lady"), and one about conflicted love for a fair young man (the "fair
youth"). It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals, or if
the authorial "I" who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself, though
Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets"Shakespeare unlocked his heart". The
1609 edition was dedicated to a "Mr. W.H.", credited as "the only begetter" of
the poems. Critics praise the Sonnets as a profound meditation on the nature of
love, sexual passion, procreation, death, and time. Shakespeare's first plays
were written in the conventional style of the day. He wrote them in a stylised
language that does not always spring naturally from the needs of the characters
or the drama. The poetry depends on extended, sometimes elaborate metaphors and
conceits, and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim
rather than speak. The grand speeches in Titus Andronicus, in the view of some
critics, often hold up the action, for example; and the verse in The Two
Gentlemen of Verona has been described as stilted. Soon, however, Shakespeare
began to adapt the traditional styles to his own purposes. The opening soliloquy
of Richard III has its roots in the self-declaration of Vice in medieval drama.
At the same time, Richard's vivid self-awareness looks forward to the
soliloquies of Shakespeare's mature plays. No single play marks a change from
the traditional to the freer style. Shakespeare combined the two throughout his
career, with Romeo and Juliet perhaps the best example of the mixing of the
styles. By the time of Romeo and Juliet, Richard II, and A Midsummer Night's
Dream in the Mid-1590s, Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry. He
increasingly tuned his metaphors and images to the needs of the drama itself.
Shakespeare's standard poetic form was blank verse, composed in iambic
pentameter. In practice, this meant that his verse was usually unrhymed and
consisted of ten syllables to a line, spoken with a stress on every second
syllable. The blank verse of his early plays is quite different from that of his
later ones. It is often beautiful, but its sentences tend to start, pause, and
finish at the end of lines, with the risk of monotony. Once Shakespeare mastered
traditional blank verse, he began to interrupt and vary its flow. This technique
releases the new power and flexibility of the poetry in plays such as Julius
Caesar and Hamlet. Shakespeare uses it, for example, to convey the turmoil in
Hamlet's mind. The literary critic A.C. Bradley described this style as "more
concentrated, rapid, varied, and, in construction, less regular, not seldom
twisted or elliptical". In the last phase of his career, Shakespeare adopted
many techniques to achieve these effects. These included run-on lines, irregular
pauses and stops, and extreme variations in sentence structure and length. In
Macbeth, for example, the language darts from one unrelated metaphor or simile
to another. The listener is challenged to complete the sense. The late romances,
with their shifts in time and surprising turns of plot, inspired a last poetic
style in which long and short sentences are set against one another, clauses are
piled up, subject and object are reversed, and words are omitted, creating an
effect of spontaneity. Shakespeare combined poetic genius with a practical sense
of the theatre. Like all playwrights of the time, he dramatised stories from
sources such as Plutarch and Holinshed. He reshaped each plot to create several
centres of interest and to show as many sides of a narrative to the audience as
possible. This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive
translation, cutting and wide interpretation without loss to its core drama. As
Shakespeare's mastery grew, he gave his characters clearer and more varied
motivations and distinctive patterns of speech. He preserved aspects of his
earlier style in the later plays, however. Shakespeare's work has made a lasting
impression on later theatre and literature. In particular, he expanded the
dramatic potential of characterisation, plot, language, and genre. Until Romeo
and Juliet, for example, romance had not been viewed as a worthy topic for
tragedy. Soliloquies had been used mainly to convey information about characters
or events; but Shakespeare used them to explore characters' minds. His work
heavily influenced later poetry. The Romantic poets attempted to revive
Shakespearean verse drama, though with little success. Critic George Steiner
described all English verse dramas from Coleridge to Tennyson as "feeble
variations on Shakespearean themes. "Shakespeare influenced novelists such as
Thomas Hardy, William Faulkner, and Charles Dickens. The American novelist
Herman Melville's soliloquies owe much to Shakespeare; his Captain Ahab in
Moby-Dick is a classic tragic hero, inspired by King Lear. Scholars have
identified 20,000 pieces of music linked to Shakespeare's works. Shakespeare has
also inspired many painters, including the Romantics and the Pre-Raphaelites.
The Swiss Romantic artist Henry Fuseli, a friend of William Blake, even
translated Macbeth into German. The psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud drew on
Shakespearean psychology, in particular that of Hamlet, for his theories of
human nature. Samuel Johnson quoted him more often than any other author in his
A Dictionary of the English Language, the first serious work of its type.
Expressions such as "with bated breath" (Merchant of Venice) and "a foregone
conclusion" (Othello) have found their way into everyday English speech.
Shakespeare was not revered in his lifetime, but he received a large amount of
praise. In 1598, the cleric and author Francis Meres singled him out from a
group of English writers as "the most excellent" in both comedy and tragedy. The
authors of the Parnassus plays at St John's College, Cambridge numbered him with
Chaucer, Gower and Spenser. In the First Folio, Ben Jonson called Shakespeare
the "Soul of the age, the applause, delight, the wonder of our stage", though he
had remarked elsewhere that "Shakespeare wanted art". Between the Restoration of
the monarchy in 1660 and the end of the 17th century, classical ideas were in
vogue. As a result, critics of the time mostly rated Shakespeare below John
Fletcher and Ben Jonson. Thomas Rymer, for example, condemned Shakespeare for
mixing the comic with the tragic. Nevertheless, poet and critic John Dryden
rated Shakespeare highly, saying of Jonson, "I admire him, but I love
Shakespeare". For several decades, Rymer's view held sway; but during the 18th
century, critics began to respond to Shakespeare on his own terms and acclaim
what they termed his natural genius. A series of scholarly editions of his work,
notably those of Samuel Johnson in 1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790, added to his
growing reputation. By 1800, he was firmly enshrined as the national poet. Among
those who championed him were the writers Voltaire, Goethe, Stendhal and Victor
Hugo. During the Romantic era, Shakespeare was praised by the poet and literary
philosopher Samuel Taylor Coleridge; and the critic August Wilhelm Schlegel
translated his plays in the spirit of German Romanticism. In the 19th century,
critical admiration for Shakespeare's genius often bordered on adulation. "That
King Shakespeare", the essayist Thomas Carlyle wrote in 1840, "does not he
shine, in crowned sovereignty, over us all, as the noblest, gentlest, yet
strongest of rallying signs; indestructible". The Victorians produced his plays
as lavish spectacles on a grand scale. The playwright and critic George Bernard
Shaw mocked the cult of Shakespeare worship as "bardolatry". He claimed that the
new naturalism of Ibsen's plays had made Shakespeare obsolete. The modernist
revolution in the arts during the early 20th century, far from discarding
Shakespeare, eagerly enlisted his work in the service of the avant-garde. The
Expressionists in Germany and the Futurists in Moscow mounted productions of his
plays. Marxist playwright and director Bertolt Brecht devised an epic theatre
under the influence of Shakespeare. The poet and critic T. S. Eliot argued
against Shaw that Shakespeare's "primitiveness" in fact made him truly modern.
Eliot, along with G. Wilson Knight and the school of New Criticism, led a
movement towards a closer reading of Shakespeare's imagery. By the 1980s,
Shakespeare studies were open to movements such as structuralism, feminism, New
Historicism, African-American studies, and queer studies. Around 230 years after
Shakespeare's death, doubts began to be expressed about the authorship of the
works attributed to him. Proposed alternative candidates include Francis Bacon,
Christopher Marlowe, and Edward De Vere, 17th earl of Oxford. Several "group
theories" have also been proposed. Some scholars claim that members of
Shakespeare's family were Catholics, at a time when Catholic practice was
against the law. Shakespeare's mother, Mary Arden, certainly came from a pious
Catholic family. The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith
signed by John Shakespeare, found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in
Henley Street. The document is now lost, however, and scholars differ as to its
authenticity. In 1591 the authorities reported that John Shakespeare had missed
church "for fear of process for debt", a common Catholic excuse. In 1606 the
name of William's daughter Susanna appears on a list of those who failed to
attend Easter communion in Stratford. Scholars find evidence both for and
against Shakespeare's Catholicism in his plays, but the truth may be impossible
to prove either way. Few details of Shakespeare's sexuality are known. Susanna,
the first of their three children, was born six months later on 26 May 1583.
Over the centuries some readers have posited that Shakespeare's sonnets are
autobiographical, and point to them as evidence of his love for a young man.
Others read the same passages as the expression of intense friendship rather
than sexual love. The 26 so-called "Dark Lady" sonnets, addressed to a married
woman, are taken as evidence of heterosexual liaisons. No written contemporary
description of Shakespeare's physical appearance survives, and no evidence
suggests that he ever commissioned a portrait, so the Droeshout engraving, which
Ben Jonson approved of as a good likeness, and his Stratford monument provide
the best evidence of his appearance. From the 18th century, the desire for
authentic Shakespeare portraits fuelled claims that various surviving pictures
depicted Shakespeare. That demand also led to the production of several fake
portraits, as well as mis-attributions, repaintings and relabelling of portraits
of other people. Shakespeare's works include the 36 plays printed in the First
Folio of 1623, listed below according to their Folio classification as comedies,
histories and tragedies. Two plays not included in the First Folio, The Two
Noble Kinsmen and Pericles, Prince of Tyre, are now accepted as part of the
canon, with scholars agreed that Shakespeare made a major contribution to their
composition. No Shakespearean poems were included in the First Folio. 
