Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal
services. The work (as defined below) is provided under the terms of this
Creative Commons Public License ("CCPL" or "License"). 1. Definitions. 4.
Restrictions. 7. Termination. You have requested a debate on this subject in the
course of the next few days, during this part-session. The Cunha report on
multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains
a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced
for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually. Mr
Berenguer Fuster, we shall check all this. I should like to address one final
point. I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport
safety, but I would ask you to endorse this report. I am speaking for the first
time in this plenary part-session, so this is quite exciting for me, a little
like first love, although that did last longer than two minutes. In many ways,
the prerequisites differ from one Member State to another. The reason Mr Koch
produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United
Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously. Mr President,
I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this
other report, which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on
rail transport. We have to remember that rural areas represent almost four
fifths of the territory of the European Union. We are badly behind now in this
matter. We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union
and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the
bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of
programmes. The Structural Funds have played a key role in the development both
of urban and rural parts of peripheral countries, mainly through the upgrading
of roads, water treatment and related transport networks. how can we ensure that
Union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for regional
development? as far as French planning experts are concerned, for example, the
most probable scenario today is that of the entrenchment of regional disparities
within each country. In addition, if you choose to use Facebook from your mobile
device, please note that you will be responsible for any fees associated with
internet usage and/or text messaging as determined by your mobile service
provider. To sign up for a brand new account, enter your name, birthday, gender,
and email address into the form on www.facebook.com. Facebook Adverts. Deepen
your relationships. 10% conversion rate from visits originating from Facebook
Adverts. (21) EUPs complying with the ecodesign requirements laid down in
implementing measures to this Directive should bear the "CE" marking and
associated information, in order to enable them to be placed on the internal
market and move freely. and one of the workshops led to a proposal, by Member
States, for a Council recommendation. Whereas recognition of the inherent
dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human
family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world; (1)
Everyone has the right to a nationality. It's that pyramid. And what's that?
That top predator, of course, is us. I love a challenge, and saving the Earth is
probably a good one. We all know the Earth is in trouble. We have now entered in
the 6X: the sixth major extinction on this planet. I think that vote is
occurring right now. I want to present to you a suite of six mycological
solutions, using fungi, and these solutions are based on mycelium. The mycelium
infuses all landscapes, it holds soils together, it's extremely tenacious. This
holds up to 30,000 times its mass. They're the grand molecular disassemblers of
nature - the soil magicians. They generate the humus soils across the landmasses
of Earth. Dusty and I, we like to say, on Sunday, this is where we go to church.
I'm in love with the old-growth forest, and I'm a patriotic American because we
have those. Most of you are familiar with Portobello mushrooms. And frankly, I
face a big obstacle. So, I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this
group. We call it mycophobia, the irrational fear of the unknown, when it comes
to fungi. Mushrooms are very fast in their growth. Mushrooms produce strong
antibiotics. In fact, we're more closely related to fungi than we are to any
other kingdom. We share in common the same pathogens. Fungi don't like to rot
from bacteria, and so our best antibiotics come from fungi. But here is a
mushroom that's past its prime. After they sporulate, they do rot. But I propose
to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are
essential for the health of the forest. They give rise to the trees, they create
the debris fields that feed the mycelium. And so we see a mushroom here
sporulating. And the spores are germinating, and the mycelium forms and goes
underground. In a single cubic inch of soil, there can be more than eight miles
of these cells. My foot is covering approximately 300 miles of mycelium. This is
photomicrographs from Nick Read and Patrick Hickey. And notice that as the
mycelium grows, it conquers territory and then it begins the net. We exhale
carbon dioxide, so does mycelium. It inhales oxygen, just like we do. But these
are essentially externalized stomachs and lungs. And I present to you a concept
that these are extended neurological membranes. And in these cavities, these
micro-cavities form, and as they fuse soils, they absorb water. These are little
wells. And inside these wells, then microbial communities begin to form. I first
proposed, in the early 1990s, that mycelium is Earth's natural Internet. When
you look at the mycelium, they're highly branched. The mycelium is sentient. It
knows that you are there. When you walk across landscapes, it leaps up in the
aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris. So, I believe the invention
of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven,
biologically successful model. Going way out, dark matter conforms to the same
mycelial archetype. And this is the paradigm that we see throughout the
universe. Most of you may not know that fungi were the first organisms to come
to land. They came to land 1.3 billion years ago, and plants followed several
hundred million years later. How is that possible? Makes the rocks crumble, and
the first step in the generation of soil. Oxalic acid is two carbon dioxide
molecules joined together. So, fungi and mycelium sequester carbon dioxide in
the form of calcium oxalates. And all sorts of other oxalates are also
sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and taken
out of the rock matrix. This was first discovered in 1859. This is a photograph
by Franz Hueber. This photograph's taken 1950s in Saudi Arabia. 420 million
years ago, this organism existed. It was called Prototaxites. Prototaxites,
laying down, was about three feet tall. The tallest plants on Earth at that time
were less than two feet. Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant
mushrooms. All across most land masses. And these existed for tens of millions
of years. The Earth was struck by an asteroid, a huge amount of debris was
jettisoned into the atmosphere. Sunlight was cut off, and fungi inherited the
Earth. Those organisms that paired with fungi were rewarded, because fungi do
not need light. So, the prospect of fungi existing on other planets elsewhere, I
think, is a forgone conclusion; at least in my own mind. The largest organism in
the world is in Eastern Oregon. 2,200 acres in size, 2,000 years old. The
largest organism on the planet is a mycelial mat, one cell wall thick. The
mycelium, in the right conditions, produces a mushroom - it bursts through with
such ferocity that it can break asphalt. We were involved with several
experiments. I'm going to show you six, if I can, solutions for helping to save
the world. Battelle Laboratories and I joined up in Bellingham, Washington.
Economists at Citigroup, Mckinsey, Pricewaterhousecoopers, and elsewhere were
predicting an era of broad and sustained growth from Asia to Africa. Third,
floating exchange rates are flawed shock absorbers. It is naïve for
emerging-market governments to expect major financial centers to adjust their
policies in response to economic conditions elsewhere. "But the bottom line is
that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and
developing countries alike. It is time for India's leaders to recognize the
positive role that IP can play in fostering growth and improving citizens'
wellbeing. Andy Haldane, one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE, has
questioned the financial sector's economic contribution, pointing to "its
ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non-financial
economy. The reasons for this relationship are not easy to establish
definitively, and the authors' conclusions are controversial. These companies
find it harder to recruit skilled graduates when financial firms can pay higher
salaries. But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best
and the brightest, there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050, and
even fewer hi-tech firms than today. Physicists know that subatomic phenomena
can manifest themselves as both particles and waves; America can adopt a new
growth strategy – moving away from excess consumption toward a model based on
saving and investing in people, infrastructure, and capacity. How will resources
be allocated to care for the elderly, especially in slow-growing economies where
existing public pension schemes and old-age health plans are patently
unsustainable? A global carbon tax would mitigate climate risks while
alleviating government debt burdens. But when innovation affects an automobile's
quality, the task becomes far more difficult. Women who have completed secondary
or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market
than their less educated counterparts. Indeed, its three-year plan for economic
innovation, announced in February, aims to raise the female employment rate to
62% by 2017, through the provision of affordable, high-quality childcare
facilities and expanded paid parental leave, among other measures. The IMF is
founded on the premise that it represents cooperation between all of the
countries of the world. Next month, Ukraine's citizens will freely choose a new
President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed
failure to uphold democracy. And there are an estimated 200,000 cases of yellow
fever annually, leading to 30,000 deaths worldwide. Only with pragmatic,
fact-based Regulation can the world realize genetic engineering's full
disease-fighting potential. He is renowned for his multifaceted characters, who
are morally ambiguous. Balzac had difficulty adapting to the rote style of
learning at the school. The narrator says: Near the end of his life Balzac was
captivated by the idea of cutting 20,000 acres (81 Km2) of oak wood in Ukraine
and transporting it for sale in France. "When the idea struck, he raced to his
sister's apartment and proclaimed: Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown,
Balzac paints the counter-revolutionaries in a sympathetic light-even though
they are the center of the book's most brutal scenes. Le Cousin Pons (1847) and
La Cousine Bette (1848) tell the story of Les Parents Pauvres (The Poor
Relations). Their correspondence reveals an intriguing balance of passion,
propriety and patience; While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic
style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott, Balzac sought to depict human existence
through the use of particulars. Some critics consider Balzac's writing exemplary
of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism, which seeks
to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment. "At the
same time, the characters represent a particular range of social types: As part
of the 19th-century evolution of the novel as a "democratic literary form",
Balzac wrote that "books are written for everybody". At the age of 18, he
married Anne Hathaway, with whom he had three children: "Shakespeare was a
respected poet and playwright in his own day, but his reputation did not rise to
its present heights until the 19th century. His actual date of birth remains
unknown, but is traditionally observed on 23 April, Saint George's Day. In 1599,
a partnership of company members built their own theatre on the south bank of
the River Thames, which they called the Globe. Records of Shakespeare's property
purchases and investments indicate that the company made him a wealthy man. By
1604, he had moved north of the river again, to an area north of St Paul's
Cathedral with many fine houses. There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot
named Christopher Mountjoy, a maker of ladies' wigs and other headgear. His last
three plays were collaborations, probably with John Fletcher, who succeeded him
as the house playwright for the King's Men. that is the question". In 1613, Sir
Henry Wotton recorded that Henry VIII "was set forth with many extraordinary
circumstances of pomp and ceremony". It contained 36 texts, including 18 printed
for the first time. He dedicated them to Henry Wriothesley, Earl of Southampton.
These include two operas by Giuseppe Verdi, Otello and Falstaff, whose critical
standing compares with that of the source plays. In Shakespeare's day, English
grammar, spelling and pronunciation were less standardised than they are now,
and his use of language helped shape modern English. In the 1950s, a wave of new
critical approaches replaced modernism and paved the way for "post-modern"
studies of Shakespeare. At 18, he married the 26-year-old Anne Hathaway, who was
pregnant. In the late 19th century, Edward Dowden classified four of the late
comedies as romances, and though many scholars prefer to call them
tragicomedies, his term is often used. 
