Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0. Any use of the work other than as authorized under
this license or copyright law is prohibited. UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED TO BY THE
PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MATERIALS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE
ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF
ERRORS, WHETHER OR not DISCOVERABLE. Creative Commons is not a party to this
License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Yes, Mr
Evans, I feel an initiative of the type you have just suggested would be
entirely appropriate. I would ask that they reconsider, since this is not the
case. Transport safety has sadly been in the news recently: Needless to say,
safety on roads, railways and inland waterways is of key importance and, given
the international nature of these types of transport, training for safety
advisors should also be harmonised, therefore, as well as the requirements of
the new ADR, for example, which is under way. This is not just the fault of the
Commission, but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to
achieve harmonisation in this area as well. I can live with these minimum
standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very
carefully. But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of
dangerous goods to a minimum, in all countries, whether they are transit
countries or not. I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in
tomorrow's vote. I would like to ask the Vice-President if she is in a position
to tell us today what the state of play is with regard to the efforts towards
harmonisation being made by these two organisations, and whether the EU is in a
position to hasten these harmonisation efforts, in accordance with principles
that are as simple as possible. Mr President, I would very much like to thank
Mrs Schroedter for the work she has done on this and to explain to colleagues
that I am speaking for my colleague, Mrs Flautre, who followed this for the
Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but who is unfortunately ill. But the
lack of specific guidelines here is particularly to be regretted, as the idea of
linking Social Fund assistance to the employment strategy will be put into
effect for the first time during the 2000-2006 programme. The truth of the
matter though is that we believe - and this is also shown in the way the
conclusions have been drafted - that the Commission must take account of what is
adopted by this Parliament, particularly in the face of an interim revision of
these Directives. Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to thank Mrs
Schroedter for an excellent report. She has gone into the issue in some depth
and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have
been tabled regarding this report. It contained details and issues that had
already been raised in previous reports. This has been an ongoing concern for
the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament, and I have raised
the issue time and time again. Consequently, I feel we must look to the future
and establish guidelines for the mid-term review in 2003, and thus have an
influence on the second phase of programming set to follow 2003. Its
implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution
instruments such as the Structural Funds. Mr President, I too would like to
congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent work. I will conclude, Mr
President, by saying that the failure of the Commission's communication to focus
on territorial pacts and, especially, methods of combating unemployment among
women and young people, is cause for serious concern. ANA used a creative
grouping of keywords to target advertising to users specifically interested in
traveling and Japanese culture and developed advert creative that resonated with
their audience. Now you can hear from people you're interested in, even if
you're not friends. If you don't see the button, you can't subscribe. Do you
have a Facebook Page? (14) As a general principle, the energy consumption of
EUPs in stand-by or off-mode should be reduced to the minimum necessary for
their proper functioning. - The programme should continue for a further 4 years
at least with the same budget (1 million euro per year) and with the same
measures and target groups. (2) Everyone has the right to leave any country,
including his own, and to return to his country. (1) Men and women of full age,
without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to
marry and to found a family. (2) Everyone has the right of equal access to
public service in his country. (3) Everyone who works has the right to just and
favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy
of human dignity, and supplemented, if necessary, by other means of social
protection. If momma ain't happy, nobody ain't happy. The Republic of Bulgaria
and Romania hereby become members of the European Union. The conditions and
arrangements for admission are set out in the Protocol annexed to this Treaty.
The provisions of that Protocol shall form an integral part of this Treaty. The
provisions of that Act shall form an integral part of this Treaty. This Treaty
shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties in accordance with their
respective constitutional requirements. The instruments of ratification shall be
deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic by 31 December 2006 at the
latest. This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all
the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date. If such a
decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty
shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008. These measures shall
enter into force only subject to and on the date of the entry into force of this
Treaty. The text of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe drawn up
in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages shall be annexed to this Treaty.
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the
republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union. Bulgaria and Romania
accede to the decisions and agreements adopted by the Representatives of the
Governments of the Member States meeting within the Council. The particular
instruments mentioned in this Article include those referred to in Article
IV-438 of the Constitution. It shall submit a draft of the protocols for
conclusion to the Council. The Council shall act unanimously after consulting
the European Parliament. The application of the Constitution and acts adopted by
the institutions shall, as a transitional measure, be subject to the derogations
provided for in this Protocol. Notwithstanding this, public procurement
procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the
relevant Union provisions. The last programming exercise for the pre-accession
assistance referred to in paragraph 1 shall take place in the last year
preceding accession. Actions under these programmes will have to be contracted
within the following two years. No extensions shall be granted for the
contracting period. Exceptionally and in duly justified cases, limited
extensions in terms of duration may be granted for execution of contracts. For
audit and evaluation costs, pre-accession funds may be committed up to five
years after accession. However, the provisions contained in Article 165 of the
Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European
Communities shall not apply. The Commission may adopt rules for implementation
of the assistance referred to in paragraph 2. To this end, the Commission shall
be assisted by a committee. The committee shall adopt its rules of procedure.
This assistance shall fund institution-building projects and limited small-scale
investments ancillary thereto. The appropriations shall be authorised by the
budgetary authority within the limits of the financial perspective. One twelfth
of each annual amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first
working day of each month in the corresponding year. The lump-sum payments shall
be used within three years from the first payment. Any unused or unjustifiably
spent funds shall be recovered by the Commission. The Commission may adopt any
technical provisions necessary for the operation of the temporary Cash-flow and
Schengen Facility. The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith,
shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail
frontier controls. Priority shall be given to such measures as will least
disturb the functioning of the internal market. Such safeguard measures shall
not be invoked as a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguised restriction
on trade between Member States. The measures shall be maintained no longer than
strictly necessary and, in any case, shall be lifted when the relevant
commitment is implemented. They may however be applied beyond the period
specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not
been fulfilled. In response to progress made by the new Member State concerned
in fulfilling its commitments, the Commission may adapt the measures as
appropriate. The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary
and, in any case, shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied. They may
however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as
these shortcomings persist. A European law of the Council may extend this
period. These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following
the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period. The
European Parliament shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are
rendered necessary by accession. The Council shall make such adaptations to its
Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession. A national of each
new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of
accession. The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the
same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession. Two Judges
shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and two Judges shall be appointed to
the General Court. The term of office of one of the Judges of the Court of
Justice appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 6 October 2009.
This Judge shall be chosen by lot. The term of office of the other Judge shall
expire on 6 October 2012. The term of office of one of the Judges of the General
Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007.
The term of office of the other Judge shall expire on 31 August 2010. The Court
of Justice shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered
necessary by accession. The General Court, in agreement with the Court of
Justice, shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered
necessary by accession. The Rules of Procedure as adapted shall require the
consent of the Council. A national of each new Member State shall be appointed
to the Court of Auditors as from the date of accession for a term of office of
six years. The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the
same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession. The terms
of office of the newly appointed members shall expire at the same time as those
of the members in office at the time of accession. They shall communicate those
measures to the Commission by the date of accession or, where later, by the time
limit provided for in this Protocol. The measures shall be adopted according to
the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary
derogation is sought. Where these derogations are adopted after accession they
may be applied as from the date of accession. Where these adaptations are
adopted after accession they may be applied as from the date of accession. They
shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in
the present languages were so published. Annexes I to IX and the Appendices
thereto shall form an integral part of this Protocol. The text of that Treaty,
drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages, shall be annexed to this
Protocol. Those texts shall be authentic under the same conditions as the texts
of the Treaty referred to in the first paragraph, drawn up in the present
languages. As long as this Agreement is not yet concluded, insofar as it applies
provisionally. A national base area for each producing Member State is hereby
established. However, for France two base areas are established. A maximum
guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established. If such a decision is taken
before the date of accession, the decision will only come into effect upon the
date of accession. the aid measures shall be communicated to the Commission
within four months of the date of accession. This communication shall include
information on the legal basis for each measure. After that date, any aid found
to be incompatible with those guidelines shall be considered as new aid. The
stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding
the normal carryover of stocks. Such companies bring technologically advanced
imports and new management techniques that foster growth in domestic firms,
while spurring industrial modernization. Medicine, however affordable, is of no
value if no one is available to prescribe or administer it. Here, too, Germany
should take the lead. And China relied heavily on the US dollar to anchor its
undervalued currency, allowing it to boost its export competitiveness. In the
end, however, this codependency was a marriage of convenience, not of love. If
America remains stuck in its under-saving ways but finds itself without Chinese
goods and capital, it will suffer higher inflation, rising interest rates, and a
weaker dollar. Though the likely answer is yes, the downside risks seem higher
than they did a few decades ago. All of these problems have solutions, at least
in the short to medium run. Or perhaps this innovation is less significant than
its enthusiasts believe. It is telling that most of the symposium's 47
participants – influential public- and private-sector figures from around the
world – were unaware of the extent to which a mother's nutrition affects her
offspring's wellbeing. This reflects a fundamental failing on the part of the
scientific community to relay relevant data to decision-makers. In South Korea,
Japan, and elsewhere, developing and maximizing women's potential will require
comprehensive education and labor-market reforms, as well as structural change,
particularly on the services side of the economy. In the realm of international
economics, being perceived as boring confers power to the extent that it allows
major decisions to be made without a great deal of external scrutiny. Nothing
good would ever happen – and certainly not for the US. These countries' global
economic and financial significance has grown rapidly, yet they have relatively
little representation at the Fund. A package of reforms has been agreed. In
effect, the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting, particularly
to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms.
The latest indications are that the Republicans will not be so enticed. Not an
inch. And yet, as Ukrainians work to rebuild our country after Viktor
Yanukovych's predatory rule, we are facing a new threat, in the form of a "peace
offensive" – that old staple of Soviet diplomacy designed to undermine Western
resolve. If there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine, there is no
reason to change the country's political structure. When it comes to genetic
engineering, however, science seems to matter less than politics. After all,
establishing a genuine fiscal union would require strong political commitment –
and considerable legwork. His time at Vendôme is reflected in Louis Lambert, his
1832 novel about a young boy studying at an Oratorian grammar school at Vendôme.
as Robb explained: A symbolic inheritance. In the end, his health fails and he
is consumed by his own confusion. Their length was not predetermined. His
preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon, then
sleep until midnight. Although Balzac was "by turns a hermit and a vagrant", he
managed to stay connected to the social world which nourished his writing. His
health deteriorated on the way, and Ewelina wrote to her daughter about Balzac
being "in a state of extreme weakness" and "sweating profusely". Balzac sought
to present his characters as real people, neither fully good nor fully evil, but
fully human. As he did with the people around him, Balzac studied these places
in depth, traveling to remote locations and surveying notes that he had made on
previous visits. "The artist of the Comédie Humaine," he wrote, "is half
smothered by the historian. "Balzac has received high praise from critics as
diverse as Walter Benjamin and Camille Paglia. It is not known exactly when
Shakespeare began writing, but contemporary allusions and records of
performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592.
Shakespeare was buried in the chancel of the Holy Trinity Church two days after
his death. The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a
curse against moving his bones, which was carefully avoided during restoration
of the church in 2008. Shakespeare collaborated on two further surviving plays,
Henry VIII and The Two Noble Kinsmen, probably with John Fletcher. After Hamlet,
Shakespeare varied his poetic style further, particularly in the more emotional
passages of the late tragedies. In Shakespeare's late romances, he deliberately
returned to a more artificial style, which emphasised the illusion of theatre.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, his reputation also spread abroad. Only a small
minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional
attribution, but interest in the subject, particularly the Oxfordian theory of
Shakespeare authorship, continues into the 21st century. 
