“While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States, the
peaceful transition of power is not,” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman
wrote in a blog post Monday. For those who follow social media transitions on
Capitol Hill, this will be a little different. 

But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration, the GOP
nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “tremendous numbers” of
legal immigrants based on a “merit system.” “So I hate to put a little pressure
on you, but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders,” he told the crowd
gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina. The new spending
is fueled by Clinton’s large bank account. What she’s saying and what she’s
doing, it — actually, it’s unbelievable. 

$5,000 per person, the maximum allowed. In early October, the transition team
used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists, inviting representatives
from Uber, the Motion Picture Association of America, the Consumer Technology
Association and other groups. The gathering was originally slated for
Washington’s private Metropolitan Club on H Street a few blocks away. Maybe the
dress code was too stuffy. 

Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit, for example,
students learn science content by applying it. They are at the national average
in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8. 

By comparison, it cost $103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station,
which opened in 2004. “We face a lot of competition, and we think transit can
help,” said Joe Sternlieb, president of the Georgetown BID. The feasibility
study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the
Potomac River on the gondola. 

A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April. 

There are parallels to draw here between games and our everyday lives. 

That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the
total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996, according to the Census Bureau
-- and seems likely to jump again this year. 

Today, Khanzir may be a lonely pig, but he isn’t always alone. “We’ve requested
other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals,
including a pig,” Saqib said. 

There was a time, Mr Panvalkar said, when he felt that they should leave the
building. 

She has also been charged with trying to kill her two-year-old daughter. She
killed Andre Price III by pressing his face into an air mattress in her sitting
room before trying to do the same to her daughter, Angel, police said. "I'm
going to jail either way, hope it was worth it." 

First one of the Yazidi women started crying, then one of her friends. 

Mr Osborne signed up with a US speakers agency after being sacked in July. 

Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new
investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035. The promise of new
Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the
Scottish independence referendum in 2014. 

It's most obvious when a celebrity's name is initially quite rare. And by 2007,
at the height of its popularity (and, perhaps, Knightley's) it was a top 50
name, with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera. 

The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame, and
switched its own component for a third-party power cell. Several analysts have
suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung's setback. The Mate 9
phones lack an artificial intelligence interface, like the Google Assistant or
Apple's Siri. 

But one travel expert warned in-flight internet was often unreliable and was
unlikely to influence travellers' airline choices. "But it may be that BA and
IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable." The company told
the BBC it would be the responsibility of each airline brand to decide whether
to charge passengers an access fee. "Most people would find airport wi-fi more
useful than being able to send emails on a plane." 

It's like a super power sometimes. The scheme makes money through sponsorship
and advertising. 

The 10-week course has been "certified" by UK spy agency GCHQ. But some security
experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it.

Previously the jets had only been seen by bloggers. Naturally China will be
presenting plenty of other military hardware this week from attack helicopters
to seaplanes. And with China set to become the world's biggest aviation market
in the next decade, the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its
ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence. 

"Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many," wrote Jesse LaBrocca,
founder of Hack Forums, in a message explaining why the section was being
closed. The "recent events" are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that
briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit, Twitter and Spotify as well
as many others. Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to
cause the disruption. 

A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the
levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C. Many scientists
say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the
Paris targets. "We are moving in the right direction: the Paris Agreement will
slow climate change, as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs," said
Erik Solheim, head of UN Environment. Investments in this area were up by 6% in
2015 to $221bn. It's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their
contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5-degree target. 

It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June. This will put
new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth
and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion. A telltale of
this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium. 

Just over 70% of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days -
just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66%. The
results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be
flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without
having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth.
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in
the experiment. 

"There is still a 'yuk' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other
people's body parts," she says. In China the hair is typically put in a chemical
bath to remove the cuticle completely, Tarlo explains. Throughout history, the
international hair market has always had a political dimension, says Tarlo. 

"Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam," the post reads.
Shenzhen's traffic police have opted for unconventional penalties before. 

Who are they? Much of the debate, from the Democratic side this year, has been
about white male identity. I asked her afterwards if she understood why people
might vote for Trump. Not everyone can rise above it. 

"Luckily, someone in Sony Australia was like, 'Hey, by the way, did you guys
notice this?'" says Pall. 

Seagal made headlines when he described Russia's actions in Crimea, which it
annexed in 2014, as "very reasonable". A keen guitarist, he played a concert
there the same year. Seagal, whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia's
far east, has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited
Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September. Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian
nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital
Belgrade. 

A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was "an exchange of words"
followed by an "altercation" but that no injuries had been reported. Cuaron,
whose last film was the Oscar-winning Gravity, was reportedly not on set at the
time of the incident. According to the city's police department, a fight broke
out after "a large group of people... who identified themselves as district
authorities" arrived on set on Tuesday. 

Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives
for around 20 years. He added: "This has been one step in a long journey of
finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception." 

However there are many MLAs with deeply-held religious beliefs who oppose any
new legislation. 

Researchers say analysing tumour DNA may help explain the underlying causes of
other cancers. The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes
smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA. However, they
could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder, which are not
directly exposed. Ms Pugh has received treatment at Papworth and Addenbrooke's
Hospitals in Cambridgeshire. But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh's right
lung is growing, and she has had to leave the trial. 

"If Donald Trump becomes president, the government here will still have to work
with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is, to ensure that Canadian
businesses and interests are represented in Washington." Trudeau will extend
that invitation to the 45th president of the United States, whoever he or she
may be. 

Despite the release of a photo this morning, police in B.C. say they have more
questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal
stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school. Police in B.C. said
earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague
details about his recent whereabouts. "We do not believe the suspect has ties to
this school, or to the two girls, or specifically to the Abbotsford area," she
said. He also said Klein was uncommunicative, uncooperative and unwilling to
walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing. 

The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to
be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in
unethical behaviour. He'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative
powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario (RECO), which regulates agents in
the province. Currently, the maximum fine RECO can levy against an agent is
$25,000. 

But China's growing middle class has been unusually vocal in its complaints
about toxic air in cities like Beijing, which can see day after day of
lung-choking smog. 

"We are seeing many, many countries and especially large new emitters like
Brazil, South Africa, India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of
playing a role in reducing emissions," said Guilbeault. He could also wait until
the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out
of the pact. 

Clinton and allies, meanwhile, are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump,
charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities, and his
temperament make him unfit for office. That's not what we need in our country,
folks. Trump's wife, Melania Trump, made her first appearance on the trail since
the Republican convention in July. 

Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about
what happened, but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her
friends. 

"This is a disaster for pain patients," Mailis said in an interview Thursday
with CBC News. "Physicians don't have these tools, they have only a prescription
pad and an injection," Mailis said. 

The Ontario Independent Police Review Director, Gerry McNeilly, set the terms
for his review this week after "alarming questions" were raised about how
officers interact with Indigenous peoples. The review is also investigating
inflammatory Facebook posts from September, alleged to come from police officers
in the northern Ontario city. 

The executives also received so-called "performance pay" for succeeding or
surpassing expectations, sharing a pot of $1.5 million among them, or an
estimated $15,000 each on average. Its annual budget is more than $1.4 billion,
and it employs more than 6,000 people. The federal government proactively
reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department, but
the latest web posting is for 2013-2014 — or two years out of date. The total
for performance pay and bonus that year was $1.5 million, about the same level
as for 2015-2016. 

Gomery, who led the commission of inquiry into the federal sponsorship scandal
between 2004 and 2006, said such bodies are essential to help restore public
confidence in the rule of law. That led to revelations over the last two days
that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police
surveillance operations. 

"There should be no preferential access to government, or appearance of
preferential access, accorded to individuals or organizations because they have
made financial contributions to politicians and political parties," the
guidelines read. The judge in Duffy's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately
ruled they were within the Senate's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges.

Our cellphones are so much more than phones these days. "It is amazing,"
reported SaskTel unlimited data customer Lindsay Gay last month. He also pointed
out that Rogers recently introduced a new app tool that helps customers monitor
their data usage. 

That's what keeps us coming back for more. 

"These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental
market upon completion, indicating the important role (domestic) investors play
in the GTA housing market." 

"This strain helps with back pain, this strain helps with nausea, this product
makes you sleep at night," says Dietrich from the company's headquarters in
Denver, Colorado, where pot is sold legally. But without a legislative
framework, and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood-altering folk
remedy, companies are left guessing. 

Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin, the
protein found in red blood cells that's responsible for transporting oxygen to
tissues in the body. The current waiting period is eight weeks. It's possible to
have normal hemoglobin levels, but to have low iron stores overall, says
Canadian Blood Services (CBS). The new iron guidelines mean more donors are
needed. 

What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother
Margaret Boemer, of Plano, Texas, was told her unborn child had a rare condition
and needed surgery to survive. A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that
develops before birth and grows from a baby's tailbone. It is the most common
tumour found in babies, occurring in one of every 35,000 births. 

She was 84 years old. He described her as a "remarkable" and "loving and
wonderful" woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories. 

"Some men get it and Bono is one of those guys," Leive said in a recent
interview. At just 20, she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one
in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty. "Her voice literally
went around the world," Leive said. 

As soon as the official party photos were released, social media lit up with
comments — and they were less than favourable. Many people, including Indigenous
groups, argue they trivialize First Nations culture. 

The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry
stakeholders and the public. This would not only apply to entertainment content,
but equally to education, to scientific research and, perhaps most importantly,
to political discourse. After all, the internet is not a luxury; it is an
essential tool. 

The debris formed a ring around the Earth's equator and was eventually drawn
together by gravity to form the moon. Still, there are questions left
unanswered. 

In the town of Hillsborough, just outside Chapel Hill, someone firebombed the
Republican Party headquarters last month. After North Carolina passed its
restrictive voting-rights bill in 2013, Campbell went around to churches
teaching people how to deal with challenges to their registration. He could
detect the effects of the election around him, in the bursts of conflict and the
curious intersection of new ideas with old ones. 

This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar, or
should be. Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that
their party is lousy at economic policy. “I don’t know what G.D.P. growth was
during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations, but the institutional
developments in those terms had large and long-lasting effects.” There are more
differences between Sulla and Trump, Rome and the U.S., than there are
similarities, but that doesn’t discredit the resemblances. 

And, she granted, “you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need
to do something different—we can do better—and where she has expressed regret.”

But, as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic, Karel became
more empathetic. “When I’m playing him, I feel powerful,” the Donald Trump
impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year. As the hysteria of
the 2016 Presidential election intensifies, a more troubling threat than
bullshit preoccupies Karel. 

They’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff. Then the commercial
ends. 

Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts—their main
concern. In a recent interview, Zay and Zayion described recording their version
of “Knuck If You Buck” on a home laptop. But challenges, and the songs that
score them, add a connective, traceable nervous system to the writhing mass of
grainy video loops. Their revivals underscore the appeal of a good challenge,
artistic or otherwise: discomfort, growth, and a meaningful connection. 

It would be much safer, Plato thought, to entrust power to carefully educated
guardians. Like many people I know, I’ve spent recent months staying up late,
reading polls in terror. Caplan dismisses retrospective voting, quoting a pair
of scholars who call it “no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile
does not flood.” 

But there was nothing else obviously artistic about her or in her behavior with
other people. 

In 2010, the foundation released a typeset edition of “Zettel’s Traum,” removing
the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft-like feel of the
photo-offset. Corresponding with Woods by e-mail, I tried my hand at uncovering
an etym. “Complete neglect of his own health,” his wife, Alice, reported. 

Each map in the exhibition tells its own story, not all factual. Also being
exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine
cold war battles and which were used in military college exams. 

The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven, where 62% of voters
backed leaving the EU. His skill in getting answers for taxpayers will be sorely
missed. 

Christian Wolmar, who has written a number of books on railway history, will
stand in the contest on 1 December. The Liberal Democrats, who represented the
affluent suburb until 2010, are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate
Sarah Olney. Meanwhile, the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her
campaign to take the seat. He was utterly gracious and took it like a man, I am
beyond furious. 

More than 330 crew are onboard the ship. Vega suggested that, because of their
age, many would be unaware of its history. People got killed there. 

A coal-fired power station in Badarpur, south-east Delhi, will stop operating
for 10 days, along with diesel generators in the city. 

He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House. He worked
for the BBC for a decade. One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line
which would have delighted Chris: “More African than you, I have not known.” 

Who can stop this Australia side? Was their divine right to the mantle as the
world’s best no longer warranted? 

They have one crack at redemption, beating England. South Africa are almost at
the point of no return and we have to be able to match their desire. He has got
that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands. We have a great squad and it
is an opportunity for us to take the ship forward. You have to stand up to that
and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me. 

It was as though he was flicking the ball back and forth underneath three
upturned cups. Australia, hardened by their recent games in the Rugby
Championship, were in a higher gear. 

A Donald Trump victory would immediately make the world more worrying and
unsettled than it already is. Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish
outlook, but this will be tempered by war-weary public opinion in the US. He’s
spoken in favour of torture. 

I also struggle with passwords. Then there are the so-called true stories that
get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath. 

Of course, I do understand that modern-day Germany must be separated from the
Nazi regime. 

In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think
it’s another assistant. Artists reach people at their heart; it’s the only time
we meet in one place and put our differences aside. His more unusual accolades
include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation,
and a place at Harvard Business School. 

I can just do that with my life. I wanted to watch it with them, but they
decided they’d rather watch it without me in the end. 

We can’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump, someone so racist, sexist and
incredibly unqualified to be commander-in-chief. 

“More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable
now, a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems.” 

Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose
jobs and living standards it might harm. In this context, railing against trade
makes sense. 

Theoretically, a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3% on £12,000 –
£360. Meanwhile, Bank of Scotland customers earn 3% on balances of £3,000-£5,000
when they add the free Vantage option to their account. With this, in theory,
you are able to access your money whenever you like. That 3% rate also applies
to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £15,001-£19,999 over a period of
between two and three years. 

Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth, but UK soils are
naturally deficient in this essential mineral. Fast forward to 2016 and this is
increasingly worthy of attention. Surprising as it may seem, even acid rain
clouds can have a silver lining. 

The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self-respect
to keep protesting against that fact. You end up listening more acutely for the
next noise and getting more irritated when it comes. That’s just legitimately
horrendous. 

It’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works, lives and breathes retro. I think
that’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour. Catalano moved back
to the area after living in London and then Glasgow, where he had studied
jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art. “I loved the tropical colours,” he
says. “I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent,”
he says. 

But, when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her, she laughs. 

Naturally, the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of
food. Wintour herself appears briefly, and is filmed putting her sunglasses on
before being interviewed. 

I looked at motocross and the more I looked, this one woman’s face kept coming
up, in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s. I love to play
with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so
interesting making a collection when I find one. 

At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off
the hook. Their head of nature policy, Jeff Knott, stated: “I’d be amazed if
either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it”. The RSPB’s stance
has also brought it into conflict with many leading conservationists, from the
author of the petition, Mark Avery, to the TV presenter Chris Packham. 

Let’s just say he’s wrong. And what about Australia’s position? On this, one
diary point in Morocco will be the middle Saturday, when developed countries get
to publicly question each other about their plans and ambitions. “We are
actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only
those with a real standing in a project,” he was quoted as saying. 

“Celtic Sea cod could collapse,” without the proposed limits, one EU official
said. But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod, sole, plaice,
megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas. Conservationists welcomed the
commission’s announcement. 

Only 50 were marketplaces. “Agora was invitation-only but many of these
marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search,” Dr Lee adds. 

They didn’t have them in our day, and people without children express through
their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting. I don’t call it a beast
lightly. Day three, I was back on the EMicro. 

The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the
skills needed to mount an effective defence. Companies may try to set up a
firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers, but it does not always
work. But they can at least lay booby-traps to confuse and deter – a concept
known as “active defence”. 

After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject, my list
had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union. I
spotted a few. My next stop was Bellingham, right up near the Canadian border. 

Back on the train, we continue southwards. A small town with two minarets glides
by. At each station, a red-capped guard presides over the platform and a
wheel-tapper walks along the train with a hammer, gently knocking the
undercarriage. 

Afterwards, browse at the morning market (6.30-10am): rice lollipops, wasp
cocoons (the pupae are considered a delicacy), buffalo lung, betel-nut bark and
leaves, live toads and catfish. 

The intervention is potentially the most far-reaching by Beijing since the 1997
handover of Hong Kong from the UK. The oath involves lawmakers swearing
allegiance to Hong Kong as part of the People’s Republic of China. The Hong Kong
government, which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers, have argued that the pair
should not take office. “Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to
prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city,” he said. Hong Kong,
meanwhile, appears to be bracing for a wave of protests. 

He told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show: “A general election is frankly the last
thing that the Government wants.” 

It is his dream to end his career here. 

To draw a game you have dominated is easy to brush off, but to do so three times
is a row suggests a weakness. We are so disappointed because we have dropped six
points playing at home. 

That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo
in April. But right now everything is out of kilter and he seems to be seeking
answers all the time. I also wonder whether the Davis Cup played a part. 

The annual survey also revealed that worries about taking on fresh financial
burdens has rocketed. Ms Hopley added: “The spike in political risk should not
go unnoticed.” 

News of the company’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions
of euros from VW's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job. It
has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims, legal action and has seen it
take more than €16bn of provisions. The probe began in June, focusing on Mr
Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess, who remains at the car maker. He was
promoted to chairman in October 2015, the month after the scandal was unearthed.

Businesses had expected to start contracting in July, immediately after the
Brexit vote, but instead have managed to keep growing steadily. Retail and
wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat, and consumer services
companies also grew. There will be limits to his ability to spend, however, as
the Government is still running a substantial budget deficit. 

The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as
usage increases. Eon’s fixed rate tariff costs £760 and Avro Energy customers
would pay around £760 for its Simple and Select tariff. Or is it an expensive
standard or prepayment tariff? 

An investor with average luck and £10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £125
in prizes per year. If they did, Premium Bonds would be indistinguishable from
ordinary savings accounts. The money invested in Premium Bonds, and in other
National Savings & Investments accounts, is used to help fund Government
spending. 

This has not stopped investors flocking to put their money in the funds. It was
followed by the Aviva Investors Multi Strategy Target Return and Income funds,
into which investors put £2bn and £1.4bn respectively. This means that they have
not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas
assets. 

Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth's oceans by using the waste floating
around the world to make shoes. The consumer can boost the demand for change. A
major report in January said oceans would contain more plastic than fish by 2050
unless the world took radical action to stop rubbish leaking into the seas. 

After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab, I have made a full
recovery. 

Warning that the NHS was now under "enormous pressure," he urged the public to
take more responsibility for their own health. Four in 10 adults have been
injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can
get in the winter time. 

They will play on Saturday, 10 June. Last year was an incredible year and I’m
ready for us to come back even better in 2017. 

She started out at the RSC in the mid-Sixties playing an asylum-inmate in
Marat/Sade. The dress is contemporary. Where does all her energy come from? Or
that voice, which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves? Her neck
pushes forward in vein-accentuating confrontation, her hands shake. But having
allowed Glenda to score such a blinder, who can blame it? 

He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades. In
theory, if done right, it’s un-detectable. 

Drop the mic. According to the director's own count, to date he has made eight
feature films. "Cinema had changed so drastically that Hollywood had alienated
the family audience." 

From the director's point of view, the film is a precarious balancing act,
between cheery family hijinks and hard-hitting social drama. On one level, it
works as an amiable, unpretentious heartwarmer that seems tailor-made for Sunday
afternoon viewing. And, of course, there's Bob, a constant source of
entertainment. The result, then, is hardly the cat's pyjamas. 

To modern audiences, most of whom will have little experience of frontline
conflict, Doss’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable. Doss’s story
also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing. All the
medics were armed, except me. 

When Millican died, we assumed that was the last we’d see of glitchy, twitchy
Odi too. Is series two working so far? 

“Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this, so I treated it
like a drama,” Zimmer says. 

But Cotton’s dark deeds did not occur due to some sort of compulsion to kill.
Cotton was born on October 31, 1832, in a village near Sunderland. Perhaps it
won’t matter as I won’t be troubled long. 

No longer a throwback to the Seventies, flock – or coating a surface is material
– is flying again. London’s landmark South Bank Tower commissioned interior
designer Rachel Winham to design the show apartment. Of course, the tactile
trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things. 

Two years later, Jutting, now 31, is on trial at Hong Kong's High Court, charged
with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial. I don't know why
I chose her ... In Hong Kong's High Court, two years later, Jutting appeared
largely composed. 

After all, our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how
safe we are or how many rules we follow. As a result, many people quickly open
emails or mindlessly click on links and attachments with nary a thought of its
consequences. First, we must educate people on how to protect themselves better
online. Finally, we must make it easy for people to report suspected breaches
and malicious emails. 

Voting has, in the vernacular of terror, become the new soft target. This is a
homeland security issue of the most existential kind. Tuesday is all about
getting out the vote, but it means nothing if a registered voter isn't on the
list. Enough of those, in a highly contested area, will lead to chaos election
day. 

North Carolina is ground zero in this election. Donald Trump is a pompous,
arrogant, entitled person that cares about himself, and his temperament is toxic
to the United States. 

More than 5.7 million Floridians have already hit the polls after about two
weeks of in-person early voting. The GOP lead was carried by strong numbers in
absentee voting, and their overall edge stood at about 16,500 earlier this week.

It's the election, of course, not "Game of Thrones." Martin has yet to finish
two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series, currently billed as "The
Winds of Winter" and "A Dream of Spring." 

The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their
electric motorcycle. A Harley-Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been
floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- aren't accurate. 

U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1%, alongside European markets.
Investors are selling out of government bonds, with U.S. and Australian bonds
feeling the biggest impact. He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the
mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China. But it only came
forward after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency alerted the world to the
issue. 

China's insatiable appetite for fried chicken used to be a big reason why
investors loved KFC-parent Yum Brands. 

With help from the American Civil Liberties Union, they eventually challenged
the state, in a case that eventually went to the U.S. Supreme Court. As the
movie makes clear, the Lovings -- and Richard in particular -- were reluctant
participants in history. "Loving" opens with Richard and Mildred already a
couple, eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see, if
only in brief. 

Celebrities, fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like "Stranger Things"
characters this holiday. I hadn't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone
started lighting up. 

As one of Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) top guys, he's afforded certain
freedoms. "Norman is one of my good buddies, so it totally sucked to see him in
that emotional state." New episodes are followed by after show, "The Talking
Dead." 

"In the cities where we've launched or are under construction, our work will
continue," Barratt said. The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of
capital expenditures for the unit. For now, analysts are hesitant to write off
the service for dead. 

In the Netherlands, authorities have taken a lower-tech approach to tracking
drones. 

Microsoft announced on Wednesday a new workplace chat tool poised to take on
industry darling Slack. There's also an option to send emoji, GIFs, custom memes
and stickers via the platform, and connect your Twitter feed. The move
highlighted the company's desire for users to start thinking of its products as
more than just productivity tools. But its latest effort into the workplace chat
game is a part of a larger trend from tech companies. 

Isner, who produced some of his best tennis as he leveled at one set all and
forced a decider, also paid his tribute. "I have to congratulate Andy -- to get
to No. 1 in the world that's an incredible achievement," the American said. 

"Pair prank their way into North Korean golf tournament," read Brisbane's Nine
News. Two Australians, who by their own admission are terrible golfers, bluffed
their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea. 

Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always
return to where he felt was home. He kept on turning up at my barn and I joked
to the guy that clearly he didn't want to be sold. "Snowman didn't think
anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on
him," he adds. I was just a boy with muddy shoes. 

There is no parade and there never has been. It's an event Mexico hopes will
eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil. Alejandra González Anaya, one of the
parade's creative directors, explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the
time to put on such a show. "There are 1200 volunteers working for the parade
alone," González Anaya says. So it's wonderful to be able to rescue that and
bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans. 

By completing this maglev line, I think the government is expecting bigger
economical development in Japan. 

An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day. The Yas Marina
Circuit website has exact timings. For anyone who wants to see the capital in
all its glory, November's a great time to go. 

It's also fuelled the emergence of modern high-rises -- like the visionary
MahaNakhon, Bangkok's tallest building. Not all transformations in the region
have been successful. 

Buried 100 meters (328 feet) underground, the Pyongyang Metro is one of the
deepest commuter systems in the world. She spoke to CNN Style about the
experience. In Pyongyang I did see some people on their smartphones, but far
fewer. 

"But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and, to
some extent, blur the boundaries." When people die of old age in India, it is
supposed to be a celebration. Designed by Juan Carlos Salas, the award-winning
building has a sculptural appearance and every detail carries meaning.
"Architecture won't help deceased people, but it helps to keep their memories
alive among the living," he says. 

The charter allowed for the creation of a merchants' guild, run by the town's
burgesses to tax people passing through the borough. 

It is exceptionally rich in minerals, containing large deposits of gold,
diamonds, and ores of manganese, lead, zinc, nickel, cobalt and molybdenum.
Outside the extreme northwest, the taiga is dominant, covering a significant
fraction of the entirety of Siberia. The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted
by Krasnoyarsk. 

Examples are the Line Islands in the Pacific and the Maldives in the Indian
Ocean. Granite islands include Seychelles and Tioman and volcanic islands such
as Saint Helena. An example of a desert island would be the small islands off
the coast of Baja California, Mexico. 

The Greek city-state of Athens in the 5th century BC, which was dependent on
grain imports from Scythia, maintained critical alliances with cities which
controlled the straits, such as the Megarian colony Byzantium. 

Darius's highly regarded commander Megabazus was responsible to fulfill the
conquers in the Balkans. The Achaemenid troops conquered Thrace, the coastal
Greek cities, and the Paeonians. Eventually, in about 512-511 BC, the Macedonian
king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as
a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia. The multi-ethnic Achaemenid army
possessed many soldiers from the Balkans. Moreover, many of the Macedonian and
Persian elite intermarried. 

In 1912 was founded the first film company (Athina Film) and in 1916 the Asty
Film. In 2007 the most successful film was El Greco, directed by Yannis
Smaragdis. 

In July 1918, the Franco-Monegasque Treaty was signed, providing for limited
French protection over Monaco. The executive branch consists of a Minister of
State as the head of government, who presides over a five-member Council of
Government. Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and
surveillance boats. Current land reclamation projects include extending the
district of Fontvieille. 

However, there are important differences in law and procedure between Northern
Ireland and England and Wales. 

The Bergeron classification is the most widely accepted form of air mass
classification. While air mass identification was originally used in weather
forecasting during the 1950s, climatologists began to establish synoptic
climatologies based on this idea in 1973. A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing
wind which lasts for several months, ushering in a region's rainy season. 

A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the
Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD. At
the end of the 8th century, the Moravian Principality came into being in
present-day south-eastern Moravia, Záhorie in south-western Slovakia and parts
of Lower Austria. In 833 AD, this became the state of Great Moravia with the
conquest of the Principality of Nitra (present-day Slovakia). Their first king
was Mojmír I (ruled 830–846). Louis the German invaded Moravia and replaced
Mojmír I with his nephew Rastiz who became St. Rastislav. 

In addition, statute determines the election of assembly of regions, and
metropolitan districts. 

Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later
date (1918), very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the
Icelandic language. There are also languages derived from Finnish, having
evolved separately, known as Meänkieli in Sweden and Kven in Norway. Consonant
gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects, but it is not
present in south Sami, which is considered to have a different language history.

The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the
southern portion as the Transcaucasus. 

The atmosphere is a chaotic system, so small changes to one part of the system
can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole. During rains
precipitation, the water droplets absorb and dissolve carbon dioxide from the
surrounding air. A recent example of weather control was China's preparation for
the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. 

Shaped by global plate tectonic forces that have created the East African Rift,
East Africa is the site of Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya, the two tallest
peaks in Africa. The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt, but most
Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion
adherents. 

France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the
infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers, modifying the
system of forced labour. On 1 October 1961, the formerly British Southern
Cameroons united with French Cameroun to form the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56%
of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53% of children
aged 7 to 14 combined work and school. 

The Sahel's climate is similar to, but less extreme than, the climate of the
Sahara desert located just to the north. In June to August 2010 famine struck
the Sahel. 

Several ancient civilisations were located around the Mediterranean shores, and
were greatly influenced by their proximity to the sea. It provided routes for
trade, colonisation, and war, as well as food (from fishing and the gathering of
other seafood) for numerous communities throughout the ages. Due to the shared
climate, geology, and access to the sea, cultures centered on the Mediterranean
tended to have some extent of intertwined culture and history. Two of the most
notable Mediterranean civilisations in classical antiquity were the Greek city
states and the Phoenicians, both of which extensively colonised the coastlines
of the Mediterranean. Later, when Augustus founded the Roman Empire, the Romans
referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ("Our Sea"). 

The Blindleia is a skerry-protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in
southern Norway, and continues past Lillesand. In Danish, the word may even
apply to shallow lagoons. Like fjords, freshwater lakes are often deep. 

Alcoholic drinks like beer, mead, bjórr (a strong fruit wine) and, for the rich,
imported wine, were served. Whatever the rules were, the fights often resulted
in the death of one of the stallions. 

The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in
a hard winter, and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been
conquered by the advancing German army. This retreat came as a surprise to the
Austro-Prussian army, and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing
the evacuation. It resulted, however, in the abandonment of important pieces of
heavy artillery, and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to
Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation. News of the retreat came
as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to
be impregnable, and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command. The
Danevirke has remained in German possession ever since. 

The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million
tons in 1987. The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania (Tulcea
county), while its northern part, on the left bank of the Chilia arm, is
situated in Ukraine (Odessa Oblast). 

The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the
Sahara. It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent
topographic features do not parallel the coast. Northern Algeria is in the
temperate zone and enjoys a mild, Mediterranean climate. 

The first and foremost was the Ohio River, which flowed into the Mississippi
River. At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would
enter the Union as a free state or slave state. National reaction to the events
in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become. 

In color, the leaves show a great variety of greens, ranging from yellowish to
bluish. Native Americans across the Americas relied on it as a staple of their
medical treatments. Christian churches in northwestern Europe and Ukraine often
used willow branches in place of palms in the ceremonies on Palm Sunday. 

The Alps provide lowland Europe with drinking water, irrigation, and
hydroelectric power. Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface
area of Europe, the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe,
particularly to arid areas and during the summer months. Cities such as Milan
depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff. Water from the rivers is used
in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants, generating as much as 2900 kilowatts
of electricity. Major European rivers flow from Switzerland, such as the Rhine,
the Rhône, the Inn, the Ticino and the Po, all of which have headwaters in the
Alps and flow into neighbouring countries, finally emptying into the North Sea,
the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea and the Black Sea. 

The study of volcanoes is called volcanology, sometimes spelled vulcanology.
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content, so it often
does not reach the surface but cools at depth. They generally do not explode
catastrophically. 

Global warming has caused a change in the pattern of the rainy seasons. 

It contains a tiny lagoon, which has all but dried up. It was declared a
wildlife sanctuary in 1975. Investigation and expeditions to the island
continue. Such settlements probably began around 1000 BC, when eastern
Melanesians travelled north. 

During the family's years in Kentucky and Indiana, Thomas Lincoln worked as a
farmer, cabinetmaker, and carpenter. 

Habitat destruction vastly increases an area's vulnerability to natural
disasters like flood and drought, crop failure, spread of disease, and water
contamination. On the other hand, a healthy ecosystem with good management
practices will reduce the chance of these events happening, or will at least
mitigate adverse impacts. Agricultural land can actually suffer from the
destruction of the surrounding landscape. Over the past 50 years, the
destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately
40% of agricultural land worldwide via erosion, salinization, compaction,
nutrient depletion, pollution, and urbanization. Humans also lose direct uses of
natural habitat when habitat is destroyed. 

Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world
for gender violence. These plant families are still present in Papua New Guinea.

North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the
seven-continent model. Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to
the West Indies in 1492, sparking a period of European exploration of the
Americas. 

These are not very popular due to the often remote and roadless locations.
Various private interests own the remaining land, totaling about one percent of
the state. This is also the only region in Alaska in which the average daytime
high temperature is above freezing during the winter months. Numerous indigenous
peoples occupied Alaska for thousands of years before the arrival of European
peoples to the area. 

It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the
region. As Brisbane grew, the condition of the river worsened until at its worst
it was no more than an open sewer and waste dump. 1987 was proclaimed the "Year
of the River" by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time, Sallyanne Atkinson. 

Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the
land is not protected by a covering of vegetation. Dust storms usually start in
desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have
already been blown away. As a steady wind begins to blow, fine particles lying
on the exposed ground begin to vibrate. At greater wind speeds, some particles
are lifted into the air stream. When they land, they strike other particles
which may be jerked into the air in their turn, starting a chain reaction. 

However, in Thailand, urbanization has also resulted in massive increases in
problems such as obesity. 

Thunderstorms are rare, as the city reports thunder on just seven days per year.

By 1340, Cairo had a population of close to half a million, making it the
largest city west of China. Meanwhile, additional controls of the Nile fostered
development within Gezira Island and along the city's waterfront. 

Nevada's industrial outputs are tourism, mining, machinery, printing and
publishing, food processing, and electric equipment. 

The name "Caribbean" derives from the Caribs, one of the dominant Native
American groups in the region at the time of European contact during the late
15th century. After the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus in 1492,
the Spanish term Antillas applied to the lands; stemming from this, "Sea of the
Antilles" became a common alternative name for "Caribbean Sea" in various
European languages. During the first century of development, Spanish dominance
in the region remained undisputed. From the 16th century, Europeans visiting the
Caribbean region identified the "South Sea" (the Pacific Ocean, to the south of
the isthmus of Panama) as opposed to the "North Sea" (the Caribbean Sea, to the
north of the same isthmus). The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the
populations of Eurasia until 1492, when Christopher Columbus first sailed into
Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia. 

Unfortunately, rapid population growth and urban sprawl has covered much of
these ecosystems with development. Cape Town's local government is the City of
Cape Town, which is a metropolitan municipality. 

The essay, published as Undersea, was a vivid narrative of a journey along the
ocean floor. She also took advantage of her personal connections with many
government scientists, who supplied her with confidential information. By
mid-1962, Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing, and were laying
the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select
individuals for final suggestions. This brought the book to the attention of the
chemical industry and its lobbyists, as well as a wide swath of the American
populace. 

In the 1350s, King Gongmin was free at last to reform the Goryeo government when
the Yuan dynasty began to crumble. Since the 1960s, the South Korean economy has
grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed. 

It usually involves a low level of development, such as rustic picnic areas,
benches and trails. Australia's Royal National Park, established in 1879, was
the world's second officially established national park. First and foremost was
the provision of open space for the benefit of townspeople and local residents
within an area that was being rapidly built up. 

With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911, Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan
declared independence. But, the newly established Republic of China considered
Mongolia to be part of its own territory. Yuan Shikai, the President of the
Republic of China, considered the new republic to be the successor of the Qing.
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu
during the Qing, and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911, the contract of
Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid. The area controlled by
the Bogd Khaan was approximately that of the former Outer Mongolia during the
Qing period. 

In his haste to capture Kadesh, Ramesses II committed a major tactical error.
Indeed, the first scholarly report on the battle, by James Henry Breasted in
1903, praised the sources that allowed the reconstruction the battle with
certainty. 

Ramesses, logistically unable to sustain a long siege, returned to Egypt. The
Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru, well past Kadesh, in
Tunip, where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III
almost 120 years earlier. This time he claimed to have fought the battle without
even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began. 

The exact year of the marriage of Herod Antipas and Herodias is subject to
debate among scholars. Given that Herod was in Jerusalem at that time, Pilate
decided to send Jesus to Herod to be tried. According to the New Testament, Paul
spent eighteen months in Corinth, approximately seventeen years after his
conversion. The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional
leap month had been introduced that year, but this was favoured by Newton. It is
possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand
years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze. 

Forts were also built in the older portions of New France that had not yet been
settled. 

It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of
the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from
Latium into all Italy. 

Each poem narrates only a part of the war. In later ages playwrights,
historians, and other intellectuals would create works inspired by the Trojan
War. It was foretold that he would either die of old age after an uneventful
life, or die young in a battlefield and gain immortality through poetry. 

However this was reversed when Julian was killed in battle in 363. The last
Olympic Games are believed to have been held in 393. 

Shen Kuo soon impressed Wang Anshi with his skills and abilities as an
administrator and government agent. In 1072, Shen was sent to supervise Wang's
program of surveying the building of silt deposits in the Bian Canal outside the
capital city. Using an original technique, Shen successfully dredged the canal
and demonstrated the formidable value of the silt gathered as a fertilizer. He
gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the
Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075. The Khitans had made several
aggressive negotiations of pushing their borders south, while manipulating
several incompetent Chinese ambassadors who conceded to the Liao Kingdom's
demands. 

Medicine was also studied, especially in southern Italy, where Islamic medicine
influenced the school at Salerno. 

Tiberius reportedly regretted his departure and requested to return to Rome
several times, but each time Augustus refused his requests. He seems to have
wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct
orders were rather vague, inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than
on passing his legislation. 

The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life, and they were
scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper. 

This was by boat from continental Europe. 

Cultic remains discovered at the site were a row of ten large standing stones,
known as massebot, oriented north-south, the tallest of which was 3 meters high,
with an altar-type structure in the middle, and a large, square, stone basin.
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated, but they may have
constituted a Canaanite "high place" from the Middle Bronze Age, ca. 1600 B.C.E.
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire, presumably in the wake of a campaign
by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III. The oldest known historical reference to
the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose's
temple at Karnak. The Tell Amarna letters, dating from the 14th century BCE,
include ten letters from the kings of Gezer swearing loyalty to the Egyptian
pharaoh. 

Thai birth certificates record the date, month and time of birth, followed by
the day of the week, lunar date, and the applicable zodiac animal name. Her
zodiacal animal is the Monkey and her traditionally significant sixtieth
anniversary year was 1992. Thai auspicious colours of the day are given in the
table of weekdays, followed below it by a link to the Buddha images for each day
of the week. Chinese New Year and other feasts observed by Thai Chinese vary
with respect to both, as these are calculated according to the Chinese calendar.

In addition, he strengthened defenses between Egypt and Asia, building the Walls
of the Ruler in the East Delta region. He reigned only fifteen years, which is
evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions. Despite this,
they both seem to have held at least parts of lower Egypt. 

On September 9, 2002, Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext
of being interviewed for a Japanese children's television show on the subject of
space. Aldrin has been married three times. 

In 1519, he became ruler of the Habsburg empire, and he gained the title Holy
Roman Emperor in 1530. Charles, despite his harsh actions, had been seen as a
ruler empathetic to the needs of the Netherlands. In 1566, a league of about 400
members of the nobility presented a petition to the governor Margaret of Parma,
to suspend persecution until the rest had returned. Its struggle against the
Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power
it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands. 

A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and
continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC.
The central space was used to observe the rising of the sun and full moon. Three
markings locate sunrise at the summer and winter solstices and at the two
equinoxes. Four more give the minimum and maximum declinations of the full moon:
in summer, and in winter. Two measure the lengths of lunar months. 

Its importance resides in two facts. During the Post-Classic period in Yucatán a
third system was in use. 

The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the
various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances,
likely to be accidental, and suspect supporting evidence. But the impact of
Hispania in the newcomers was also big. During the first stages of Romanization,
the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes. By
the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a
short time. 

They had been so moved by the beauty of the Rudyard Lake area that when their
first child was born they referenced it when naming him. During his time there,
Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with
Trix at Southsea (to which Trix had returned). Stephen Wheeler, the editor,
worked Kipling hard, but Kipling's need to write was unstoppable. Back in
Lahore, some thirty-nine stories appeared in the Gazette between November 1886
and June 1887. By this time, he had been increasingly thinking about the future.

Jin Ping Mei, published in 1610, although incorporating earlier material, marks
the trend toward independent composition and concern with psychology. 

Higher male secondary school enrollment, per capita income and economic growth
rate all had significant effects on reducing the chance of civil war.
Specifically, a male secondary school enrollment 10% above the average reduced
the chance of a conflict by about 3%, while a growth rate 1% higher than the
study average resulted in a decline in the chance of a civil war of about 1%.
The study interpreted these three factors as proxies for earnings forgone by
rebellion, and therefore that lower forgone earnings encourage rebellion.
Phrased another way: young males (who make up the vast majority of combatants in
civil wars) are less likely to join a rebellion if they are getting an education
or have a comfortable salary, and can reasonably assume that they will prosper
in the future. Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance,
prompting armed rebellion. 

Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and
transform the empire into a more harmonious place. The Arab Revolt which began
in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front, where
they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the
war. 

It specifically discusses in several passages the socially and culturally
degenerative effects of war on humanity itself. 

Dominican priest Heinrich Kramer was assistant to the Archbishop of Salzburg. In
1538 the Spanish Inquisition cautioned its members not to believe everything the
Malleus said. Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church, and
theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to
Judaism. Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492; many of these
Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well.

The Macedonian eastern border with Thrace was now secured at the river Nestus
(Mesta). Philip next marched against his southern enemies. In Thessaly he
defeated his enemies and by 352, he was firmly in control of this region. The
Macedonian army advanced as far as the pass of Thermopylae which divides Greece
in two parts, but it did not attempt to take it because it was strongly guarded
by a joint force of Athenians, Spartans, and Achaeans. Having secured the
bordering regions of Macedon, Philip assembled a large Macedonian army and
marched deep into Thrace for a long conquering campaign. 

Catherine of Russia was also very satisfied. 

Throughout the war, Pearl Harbor was frequently used in American propaganda. 

This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of
his country. The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that
had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War.

This city-state emerged in the same period as Sukhothai. This contact with the
West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as
lucrative trade routes were established. 

The Army performed well in combat in Cuba. However, it was too oriented to small
posts in the West and not as well-prepared for an overseas conflict. It relied
on volunteers and state militia units, which faced logistical, training and food
problems in the staging areas in Florida. The United States freed Cuba (after an
occupation by the U.S. Army). By the peace treaty Spain ceded to the United
States its colonies of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines. 

The offensive against the huge army enlisted by Venice was launched from France.
By 1563, the population of Venice had dropped to about 168,000 people. 

Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and
history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an
intensive understanding of human behavior. 

There has, however, been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and
population data which includes women, especially in their childbearing roles. 

Most of the information about the period comes from burial sites and the grave
goods contained within them. At this time there were only around forty families
living there with plenty of good farming land and grazing for cattle. As Greece
sent out colonies west towards Sicily and Italy (Pithekoussae, Cumae), the
influence of their new alphabet extended further. 

Bananas and plantains, which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia, most
likely Papua New Guinea, were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as
5,000 years ago. Besides being a direct source of food, certain animals could
provide leather, wool, hides, and fertilizer. 

A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James
Watt. The Industrial Revolution created a demand for metal parts used in
machinery. 

In the Second Messenian War, Sparta established itself as a local power in
Peloponnesus and the rest of Greece. 

Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the
international Car of the Century awards. The success American Motors'
compact-sized Rambler models spurred GM and Ford to introduce their own
downsized cars in 1960. 

This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still
unadvisable among friends to use the given name, but use of the family name is
still common. In the case of the imperial family, it is considered extremely
inappropriate to use the given name. Since Emperor Meiji, it has been customary
to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the
name of the era over which he presided. Prior to Emperor Meiji, the names of the
eras were changed more frequently, and the posthumous names of the Emperors were
chosen in a different manner. Outside Japan, beginning with Emperor Shōwa, the
Emperors are often referred to by their given names, both whilst alive and
posthumously. 

In Asia and the Pacific, between 3 million and more than 10 million civilians,
mostly Chinese (estimated at 7.5 million), were killed by the Japanese
occupation forces. In Europe, before the outbreak of the war, the Allies had
significant advantages in both population and economics. Land warfare changed
from the static front lines of World War I to increased mobility and combined
arms. 

British cavalry troopers also received excellent mounted swordsmanship training.
Some historians, such as Chandler and Weller, assert that the British heavy
cavalry were destroyed as a viable force following their first, epic charge. 

According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian
Ancestry in Roma is North-West India. 

Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined. Among humans
both males and females are ardent singers, and making music is mostly a communal
activity. 

In 1839, China found itself fighting the First Opium War with Great Britain
after the Governor-General of Hunan and Hubei, Lin Zexu, banned the foreign
trade of opium. China was defeated, and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the
Treaty of Nanking. Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain, and certain ports,
including Shanghai and Guangzhou, were opened to British trade and residence. In
1856, the Second Opium War broke out; the Chinese were again defeated and forced
to the terms of the 1858 Treaty of Tientsin and the 1860 Convention of Peking.
The treaty opened new ports to trade and allowed foreigners to travel in the
interior. 

Lamarr accompanied Mandl to business meetings where he conferred with scientists
and other professionals involved in military technology. Lamarr's earliest
inventions include an improved traffic stoplight and a tablet that would
dissolve in water to create a carbonated drink. She was offered several scripts,
television commercials, and stage projects, but none piqued her interest. 

Joseph Darnand, who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who
hunted down members of the Resistance, was executed in October 1945. De Gaulle
had instructed that there be no excessive displays of public affection towards
Churchill and no official awards without his prior agreement. 

The film chronicles the destruction of Carangi's life and career as a result of
her addiction to heroin, and her decline and death from AIDS in the mid-1980s. 

It was completed rather late in the war; although a number of B-29s were
equipped with Eagle and it worked well, it came too late to make much
difference. The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has
played a major role in aviation, most particularly in the post war Berlin
airlift, was Ground Controlled Approach (GCA). Using Alvarez's dipole antenna to
achieve a very high angular resolution, GCA allows ground-based radar operators
watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by
transmitting verbal commands to the pilot. The system was simple, direct, and
worked well, even with previously untrained pilots. It was so successful that
the military continued to use it for many years after the war, and it was still
in use in some countries in the 1980s. 

With population growth, new indigenous quarters were created. The Alliance of
Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo rebels captured Lubumbashi in
April 1997. The high altitude serves to cool the climate, which would otherwise
be very hot. 

Failing health reduced Hitchcock's output during the last two decades of his
life. Hitchcock's films sometimes feature characters struggling in their
relationships with their mothers. Hitchcock preferred to work with the best
talent of his day—film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass—who
would produce posters that accurately represented his films. 

A mental clash gripped Herzl, between the craving for literary success and a
desire to act as a public figure. On March 10, 1896, Herzl was visited by
Reverend William Hechler, the Anglican minister to the British Embassy. 

During one episode, he is shown to be an adept guitar player. Lenny is a
persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women. On one occasion, it is implied
he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer. 

Deciding to pursue drama, Winstone enrolled at the Corona Stage Academy in
Hammersmith. Winstone met his wife, Elaine, while filming That Summer in 1979.
Winstone was declared bankrupt on 4 October 1988 and again on 19 March 1993. 

Disney also found out that Universal owned the intellectual property rights to
Oswald. Disney won another Honorary Academy Award, which consisted of one
full-sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes. 

This card gives an allowance that can be withdrawn from ATMs in order to buy
school needs such as books and uniforms. He also built and renovated five
traditional markets in 2013 and four traditional markets in 2014. However, his
rival Prabowo Subianto also declared victory, leaving Indonesian citizens
confused. Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono
to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by
further removing subsidies. 

His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys
staging elaborate musicals. 

With advice from Alexander, he was able to work out a compromise: he would
attend a university, but would study literature. Barrie enrolled at the
University of Edinburgh where he wrote drama reviews for the Edinburgh Evening
Courant. He graduated and obtained an M.A. on 21 April 1882. Following a job
advertisement found by his sister in The Scotsman, he worked for a year and a
half as a staff journalist on the Nottingham Journal. He then returned to
Kirriemuir. 

Only 3000 copies were published of the first edition. By 2009, total sales of
The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three
million and five million copies respectively. Some Christian scholars criticize
Tolle's teachings, while others praise them. 

Between 1991 and 1997, she ran a school for children with learning disabilities.
Her latest non-fiction is about Margaret Douglas, Countess of Lennox. She found
the transition to fiction easy, explaining, "Every book is a learning curve, and
you have to keep an open mind." 

To avoid experiencing a similar dilemma with Jasmine, the filmmakers ultimately
decided to have the princess animated entirely at one studio. With her
appearance finalized, Jasmine became Disney's first non-white princess as
opposed to being of European heritage. Thematically, Jasmine also represents
civil rights, racial tolerance, social hierarchy, as well as life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness. 

However, there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and
humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland. 

Really Really Love You was released in August and reach the top 50; "Shaky
Ground", the related single, appeared in September but Geyer was already in the
US. Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia, Geyer returned to live in
Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there. 

After its progress had stalled in the Billboard 200 at No. 96, Thought 'Ya Knew
climbed to No. 31 in the UK, but the album charted for only two weeks in the UK.
Following her dismissal, Peniston took playing as Glinda the Good Witch in a
theatrical production of musical play The Wiz. 

Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more, before the House of Commons
resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner-up as the
victor. Grafton's government disintegrated in 1770, allowing the Tories led by
Lord North to return to power. George was deeply devout and spent hours in
prayer, but his piety was not shared by his brothers. George was appalled by
what he saw as their loose morals. In 1770, his brother Prince Henry, Duke of
Cumberland and Strathearn, was exposed as an adulterer, and the following year
Cumberland married a young widow, Anne Horton. 

Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers. By this time,
extravagant spending and a string of bad investments by her investors had left
her nearly broke. 

In June 2012, the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song "Fjögur
Píanó", starring LaBeouf, in which he appears nude. Louis Post Dispatch called
it one of LaBeouf's best performances. 

The car burst into flames, and Kenseth walked away. Elliott was attending his
father's funeral on the day of the race. In 2003, he dominated in the points
standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston
Cup champion, the last driver to ever hold that title. 

Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson
later described as "a major return to form". On a Wing and a Prayer (1992)
reunited him with his Stealers Wheel partner Egan on several tracks. It included
three tracks cowritten with Rafferty's brother Jim, also a singer-songwriter,
who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s. Rafferty recorded a new
version of his Humblebums song "Her Father Didn't Like Me Anyway" on the album
Over My Head (1994). These were the last two records Rafferty produced with Hugh
Murphy, who died in 1998. 

At least 330,000 people, including 10,000 technicians, were involved. Stalin had
begun to encourage Abakumov to form his own network inside the MGB to counter
Beria's dominance of the power ministries. 

The patterns presented by the data from the Petén region and Uaxactun allowed
for these sites to fit within the cultural development of the Maya lowlands. The
article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “peaceful” people
since they lacked apparent defenses. Sails are not represented in prehistoric
Mesoamerican iconography or texts, instead, it is theorized that canoes were
used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya. 

Starlin took over as plotter the following issue, and began developing an
elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos, and spread across a
number of Marvel titles. Concurrently in the mid-1970s, Starlin contributed a
cache of stories to the independently published science-fiction anthology Star
Reach. 

Through his grandmother, Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu. In
1955, Mishima took up weight training and his workout regimen of three sessions
per week was not disrupted for the final 15 years of his life. Mishima espoused
a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life. 

In 2011, Blunt was named the ambassadress of the new Yves Saint Laurent
fragrance, Opium. Blunt starred in the 2011 British comedy film Salmon Fishing
in the Yemen, directed by Lasse Hallström and co-starring Ewan McGregor and
Kristin Scott Thomas. Also that year, she briefly appeared in Disney's The
Muppets, as Miss Piggy's receptionist. She starred in the 2012 film The
Five-Year Engagement, directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel.
In January 2011, Blunt began filming an American science-fiction film, Looper,
directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt;
the film was released in September 2012. 

Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an
Arab man. Joseph Schenck was interested in casting his wife, Norma Talmadge,
opposite Valentino in a version of Romeo and Juliet. 

Lord Halifax, the Lord President of the Council, visited Germany privately in
November and met Hitler and other German officials. In addressing the Cabinet
shortly after German forces crossed the border, Chamberlain placed blame on both
Germany and Austria. In May, Czech border guards shot two Sudeten German farmers
who were trying to cross the border into Czechoslovakia without stopping for
border controls. 

During this time, Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and
Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing. 

These were almost completely forgotten until after Smith's death. Another theme
of the Skylark novels involves precursors of modern information technology. 

As early as 1926, Meyer had written to Irène Joliot-Curie suggesting that Rona
work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples.
Once Hans Pettersson was able to secure funds to pay Rona's expenses,
Joliot-Curie allowed her to come and study polonium separation at the Curie
Institute in Paris. Rona developed an enhanced method of preparing polonium
sources and producing alpha-emissions. Gaining recognition as an expert in the
field, she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small
disc of polonium. This disc allowed Rona to create lab specimens of polonium,
which were used in much of the Institute's subsequent research. 

During the 2013 off-season she appeared on CTV Montreal as a guest weather
anchor. She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani, but was
defeated. Bouchard suffered a shocking three-set loss. 

When their daughter Cecily married Richard Plantagenet, the 3rd Duke of York,
and had several offspring, including Edward IV and Richard III, Joan became the
grandmother of two York kings of England. John of Gaunt died in 1399. The knight
Lyvet was released and his follower thrown into the Tower. 

Not long ago he was divorced from the actress, Gloria Holden, but carried the
torch after the marital rift. He co-starred as Humphrey Bogart's younger
brother, a carefree playboy, in Sabrina (1954), played by Audrey Hepburn. 

He chose not to seek a third term in the following election cycle. The 1980
presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was
conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis.
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952, and gained 34
House seats, but the Democrats retained a majority. He recovered and was
released from the hospital on April 11, becoming the first serving U.S.
president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt. Reagan believed
that God had spared his life so that he might go on to fulfill a greater
purpose. 

Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and
stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition. A proper theology
would therefore have to be constructed in the light of its future goal. 

Pebe moved the family to Nashville, Tennessee, in 1991 after securing a new
publishing deal for her songwriting. Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song "Stephen"
together when Kesha was 16, Kesha then tracked down David Gamson, a producer
that she admired, from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song. As of
August 2015, Kesha has released little information about her upcoming third
studio album. 

This time it reached him, but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to
be married to him. 

Wright was born in Poole, Dorset, but grew up predominantly in Wells, Somerset.
Wright has a brother, Oscar, who is a comic book artist, contributing
storyboards, conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar's films. Wright
is a friend of fellow director Garth Jennings, and made cameos in his films The
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Son of Rambow. 

The Great Powers did not fulfill the requests for recognition of Albania. At the
beginning of the London conference in December 1912 the ambassadors of all six
Great Powers rejected the plan for establishing an independent Albania. Instead,
they decided that Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an
autonomous government. After it became obvious that Ottoman Empire would lose
all of Macedonia and its territorial connection with Albania, the Great Powers
realized they had to change their decision. The Treaty of London, signed on 30
May 1913, partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania,
regardless its ethnic composition, between the Balkan allies reducing the
territory of Albania to its central regions. 

The officers were able to subdue the 53 year old during the act on Sunday
morning. 

King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial
oversight, Mohammed al-Jadaan. 

Oil, gold or food products, such as wheat, are natural resources, in which
investors invest billions worldwide. 

With 71 goals in 137 international matches, he has shot a record number of goals
for the DFB. 

With the help of debit card data, the Essen police are investigating four people
who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank. The spokesman did not
rule out the possibility that others would also be investigated. 

Because series 1 is no longer the old one, many users can save 100 euros. 

The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has
been anticipated in rumors. 

One doesn't know in which way both dramatists would have worked together. 

A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom, if at all, land after the 2 month
breeding period. 

According to Parker, Russian Secret Service agents are active in large numbers
in Great Britain. Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning
of October. The law delineates a number of conditions whose fulfillment could
bring the agreement back into effect: the USA would have to withdraw all of its
troops from countries who joined NATO after 2000, rescind all of the sanctions
against Russia as well as reimburse the costs that have been incurred as a
result of the sanctions. 

It is a political process and I have decided not to be present, so it was said.

If a Turkish employee quits, then the Turkish work councils come. 

From this point of view, stale structures and a self-satisfied elite are the
reason why the health system, education and foreign trade in the USA is in such
bad shape. 

Kühn can only shake his head. The newspaper "Die ZEIT" first inquired with the
real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency
in July. 

The witching hour starts up at least by the time the scary organ is played, such
as in the 60s hit Monster Mash. 

Von Beust justified the cost increases as lack of detailed planning. 

Simon Krätschmer gropes around alone through the dilapidated, sinister barrack.

That is because each and every miracle and each specialized district occupies an
entire field. 

Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued. 

It was August 30, 2015, as an army of ducks conquered the internet. The
smartphone generation received an app it deserved, where, in the best case
scenario, the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions. On the
other hand, Vine was art in six seconds. 

And now he is also world champion. 

For Kerber, the season finale nevertheless marks the end of an unbelievable
year. After the sensation at the Australian Open, the 28 year-old lost for the
first time in the final game against Serena Williams. 

It is now only unclear, in which one. 

Do you argue with your alarm clock? 

It's clear: Men could have more responsibility in matters of contraception. 

According to Christian belief, a grave which had been embedded in the chalkstone
was the last resting place of Jesus. 

The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear. 

I was asked by the officers, in their inimitably dumb way, whether I knew the
writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives. 

The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is
convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean
surface - so that it would sink. The Australian experts drew new conclusions
from the investigation of a landing flap from Boeing that had washed up in
Tanzania in East Africa. 

The issue might not be over for Barroso. The exchange of Barrosos caused a big
stir. 

The current arrests are "a continuation of the shenanigans against us," said
Dündar. 

For the time being, the deal between Aoun and Hariri has brought the two enemy
factions closer together. 

The husband of the current candidate for the White House, Hillary Clinton,
pardoned a number of people, also including Rich, on the last day of his
presidency, January 20, 2001. 

Dündar warned Europe about having too much understanding for Erdogan's course. 

Adnan Z. Amin, General Director of the International Organization for Renewable
Energies (IRENA) is certain: "Offshore wind power can become the top power
generator in a global economy that is free of coal-based energy." 

The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up. One expects a
bump from the booming real estate market and increasing federal expenditures. 

The two paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder on display are especially
eye-catching. 

Therefore the irksome signs will not completely disappear: According to
information from the news agency dpa, they will only be activated if, for
instance, the artist or record label is not a member of GEMA and does not have
an agreement with YouTube. 

The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones; they
can also lead to long-term impairment in the development of the adolescent
brain. 

It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the
National Natural Heritage as a nation-wide endeavor of the highest priority and
have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract. 

Unlike that of the 28th of October, Mr. Comey's letter has hardly been commented
upon. If his Democrat opponent were to be elected, he assured that she would be
'under investigation for years'. "If somebody can't handle a Twitter account,
they can't handle the nuclear codes," Obama mocked. According to the programme,
she will speak at 23.45. 

On Tuesday, the United States of America could elect the first female president
in its history. On the other hand, Ms. Clinton's relations with the continent
over the past twenty years leave much to be desired. 

The AKP's Islamic conservatives have taken this refusal as justification for the
questionings. A third-party majority is needed, specifically the votes of 367
MPs (out of 550), whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a
referendum. 

On Thursday, the 3rd of November, the mayor of Saint-Gaudens (in the
Haute-Garonne region) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with
the government formed in 2014. 

The latter is overseeing the Republican primaries, in which Rachida Dati
supports Nicolas Sarkozy's candidacy. In the message, the former Minister for
Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a 'fascist', 'Minister (moron) of the
Interior' and a 'thug'. 

What are the limits that could inhibit the expression of religious beliefs in
private companies? Even if the majority of situations that arise in the
workplace can be resolved without conflict. Are workers allowed to keep
religious objects on their desks? The Force Ouvrière union regrets that its
remarks on the content of the guide were not included: "There wasn't really any
consultation," said Ms. Gillard. The guide is problematic, firstly because it
has been developed "in the context of a state of emergency". 

This clause included the time taken to travel to clients' homes in working
hours. The two organisations launched an appeal which was thrown out by the
Court of Cassation on the 12th of October. It aims to take the journey time into
account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed, without
being able to measure the real journey time. The working time undertaken in this
first hour is more or less equal to 45 minutes. 

"ETA is on its way out," the French contingent revealed. 

He also remarked that "the existence of such a document could lead to
consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable". The French Digital
Council, which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology,
could also scrutinise it. 

According to Le Figaro, this government plan could free up 42 million euros, of
which 15.5 million would go towards security. France doesn't have a good
reputation. 

Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March, 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto; she
grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family, which was marked by the persecution
of her militant socialist father. Having always been close to the Catholic
Union, Tina Anselmi attended particularly to the rights of textile workers and
teachers. 

It is difficult to think that Italy has fewer km of underground line than
Madrid. It has been emphasised that we absolutely cannot continue with those who
are completely against Italy. We will evaluate whether and how to continue onto
the next section. 

The hit song is "Geronimo" by Sheppard. 

Those of age will be offered 500 euros by the state, to be spent by 31st
December 2017. A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone, or
presented at the till. 

From the 1st of January there will be an increase in petrol and diesel. The CGI
Mestre have stated in a note, that there will be no rise in VAT, for 2017 at
least. A level that in both cases is at the top of the EU. The latest figures
relate to the 24th of October last year, and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335
euros per litre, compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros. A
significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries
that adopt the single currency, which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre. 

Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to "the attitude of total
closure that the Bank has shown to us". As stated, the decision is the
prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on
its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives. This
is what has been written in a note to Mps after the decision of the ex-minister
to leave the party. It will go for assessment. 

Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took
place in Rome. This morning, Pope Francis met Mark Zuckerberg and his wife at
Casa Santa Marta. 

Four students at Roma Tre University have developed a motorcycle helmet that can
'read thoughts' by helping to anticipate drivers' actions. One of the examples
of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to
compete with Valentino Rossi. 

In return, Uber will receive a billion dollar investment and a seat on the board
of directors of the Chinese company. More and more tech companies are calling
the shots more than ever before on Wall Street, even more than in Silicon
Valley. Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market
capitalisation, surpassing ExxonMobil. Leaders of companies such as Spotify,
Tesla, Uber and Snapchat will attend a private event in addition to the Mountain
View Summit. 

The president of the Community of Madrid, Cristina Cifuentes, represents the
most conservative, while leaders of the party, such as the Sectorial
Under-Secretary, Javier Maroto, represent the most progressive. Durán acts as
spokesman and Ángel Pintado as treasurer. 

For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped
below 20%, and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a
year ago. Its management, however, hasn't been devoid of criticism. The unions
have been very combative and on several occasions have called for the repeal of
the legislation that Fátima Báñez is proudest of. This department now faces new
challenges. Furthermore, the Government will have to deal with another "hot
potato". 

The Minister of Defense has allowed her to remain General Secretary of the party
for now. The consulted sources have said that it is "100% Cospedal". In spite of
them, not everyone in the party understood the messages that the president tried
to send to them yesterday. Barón de Claret, the only one in Government with a
noble title. 

Pedro Sánchez, like many other socialists, said in the programme Évole that
Spain is a nation of nations. And what about the parties in what, in historical
rights? 

Federico Fellini once said: "The clown is to humanity as the shadow is to man".
He stands alone in front of the audience and, ultimately, he has to bring out
the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh. 

In the war films or cowboy and Indian films the battles, fights and beatings
were out of this world. Emphasis, fine irony, blunt innuendos and other well
used verbal devices fit into parliamentary oratory, but flicking at each other
and slapstick comedy do not. 

He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us. Perhaps that's why a surge
of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and
surrenders his mystery to the bound waters. And they must be greeted with an
open spirit and clear mind because they form the new generation of beauty and
hope. 

As a result, Trump isn't very worried about the Latin American vote at a
national level. The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans
will come out to vote in greater numbers, but it is unclear whether the increase
will have an impact. 

"There will be protests and other things, it's all already planned," the
opposition told El Mundo. Dozens of FSLN followers are already celebrating the
victory in the Plaza de las Victorias. 

May has received great criticism for avoiding and not responding openly to the
media after the judicial ruling on Brexit. 

Founded in 1925 as games for everyman, the open air theater on the great steps
in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public. The festive dedication
took place on April 30, 1955. 

In 1882, a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in
operation. In 1992, grounds of the former puppet theater, which had been left to
the commune, were taken over by players and employees. This has to do with one
of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the
end of the Second World War. 

In 1832, the former cloister was sold to the manufacturer Georg Reichenbach by
the state of Württemberg with the stipulation to establish a cotton factory
there. The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s
emigrated primarily from Turkey. 

Among them is the former cloister from the abbey church of St. Peter and Paul.
The historical city hall in Obermarsberg originates from the 13th century and
was refurbished after the Thirty Years' War. There are different theories about
the reasons for leaving the place. 

Golden Gate Park, which is over four kilometers in length, offers a botanical
garden, planetarium, Japanese garden and an aquarium. It serves as a local place
of rest and relaxation for San Franciscans. The Yerba Buena Garden was built at
the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center.
It contains a monument to Martin Luther King, Jr. 

Since the 1960s, the city's economy has been in steep decline. During the 2010
general election, the Labor Party was able to win all seven voting districts. 

Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously
discussed. In April 2012, the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his
government's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to
it. The Ottomans wanted to prevent grain from being further transported because
they had a great need for it. The Ottoman Empire and Russia were denied
permission to keep their war fleet in the Black Sea. 

In its scope it belongs to the most far-reaching cultures of the time, in which
many sites are known. Like the majority of sites in southern Europe, the finding
dates back to the early 5th century BC. Likely the most well-known person from
the Copper Age is Ötzi, the frozen mummy who lived during 3300 BC. They were
primarily on hills. In addition, its process of gilding copper is
technologically noteworthy. 

The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the
Court and National Assembly in Versailles. The event was known about in Paris
and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently
high price of bread and lack of provisions. The king did not take special
precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his
stays. 

The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore. I declare the
first international Olympic games over. 

The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial
politics. 

The Industrial Revolution took place in Great Britain earlier than in any other
country. The Suez Crisis showed the limits of the old colonial powers such as
Great Britain and France in a changing world. After the seizure of power by the
National Socialists in 1933 there were dispersed attempts to win back the old
colonies. After the Russian Revolution in 1917, some countries, such as Finland,
Poland and the Baltic States, won their independence. 

One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing
general and free elections. After the Compromise, Emperor and King Franz Joseph
I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally. 

The Disibodenberg cloister was disbanded and fell into ruin as a result of the
Reformation. Today, expansive ruins can be viewed there. The Rupertsberg
cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years' War in 1632 by Swedish troops.
The displaced nuns were moved to the Eibingen cloister. The ruins were later
built over. 

After these successes, he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with
his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden, where he lived until 2002. At the
Olympic Games in 2004 in Athens, Ulrich, as winner of the street race, pursued
the goal of winning his second gold medal. 

The censorship disposed of all undesirable opinions; participation in public
life had become practically impossible. The traces of blood on the clothes were
in the shape that they were reported to have by the news reports on the day of
the murder. 

Weiss was honored with the literature prizes from the cities of Cologne and
Bremen. 

Privately as well as publicly, Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with
the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel. The chalet burned completely
down. In the following year, 1977, he received the distinction of the American
Friendship Medal for the friendly position of his press toward the USA. 

The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city's social
housing, where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of
immigrant origin. The history of Carcassonne is directly linked to that of its
fortified city. 

In the early 2000s, there were five doctors per 100,000 inhabitants. Amnesty
International cites newspaper articles from 2008 describing the murder of fifty
people accused of witchcraft. 

Von Bellingshausen sighted Antarctica on the 27th of January 1820, three days
before Bransfield sighted land, and ten months before Palmer did so in November
1820. In the Endurance expedition in 1914, the British ship Endurance, captained
by Sir Ernest Shackleton, set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic.

This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law, the institutions of the Roman
Republic and the mos maiorum. However, Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in
order to attend to business in southern Italy. 

In the 8th century BC, Greece began to emerge from the Dark Ages which followed
the fall of the Mycenaean civilization. Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean
script forgotten, but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet, modifying it
to create the Greek alphabet. From the 9th century BC, the first Greek texts
began to appear. Greece was divided into many small, self-governing communities,
a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography: every island, valley and plain is
cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges. From about the 8th
century BC city states began to appear: small, self-governing territories with
their own political systems. 

In the Middle Ages, most Christians did not have access to the Bible in their
mother tongue. 

However, they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built.
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the
Mediterranean, a technique that had not been used until then. 

This affair can be seen as the starting point for his career as a radical
revolutionary. In Pluviose year III (January-February 1794), easing off the
pressure of the Reign of Terror, he took various measures to liberate the
suspects. 

Financed entirely with Bernard Tapie's own money, these schools were closed in
1994 when he was declared bankrupt. Despite being the number one distributor of
equipment and textiles worldwide, the German company was in financial trouble. 

To get away from it all, the Remis resided in Switzerland for most of summer
1947. On their return, they entertained the idea of living in South America, far
away from the problems of postwar Belgium. In spring 1948, in hopes of adapting
Tintin for the cinema, the Belgian artist wrote a letter to Walt Disney, asking
in vain for his support. In the summer, Georges and his wife returned to
Switzerland, accompanied by Rosane, an 18 year old who was the daughter of one
of Germaine's friends. During the holiday, he began an extra-marital affair with
the young girl, which he admitted shortly after. 

In the lower part, there are three palm trees overlooking the sea, which
represent the love that the people of this Island have for their land.
Furthermore, the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the
summer. The islands are located at the Indo-Australian Fault; the Fault arose
due to the collision of the Indian and Australian plates. 

An element supporting this hypothesis would be the intense royal livestock of
horses that took place at Villa Pelucca, in Sesto San Giovanni. In 1928, a
90-hectare golf course was built in the north-eastern part of the park, next to
the racetrack. In 1976, the racecourse was no longer used; in 1990, a fire
destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands, which were later demolished
along with the stables. 

In August 1969, Pope Paul VI removed the death penalty from the Vatican law and
revoked it from all offences. The issuing of coinage is predominantly numismatic
in nature, with the intention of being sold mainly to collectors. 

The inner part of the region is flat and hilly, with no clear distinction
between one area to the next. There are many prehistoric artifacts, including
several different menhirs and dolmens. The second Apulian and Calabrian Royal
Region was then established, also including Samnium, parts of Molise and the
oriental Basilicata. During the thirteenth century, the name Apulia was used by
some authors to signify the southern part of the Italian peninsula. 

Historian David Crouch suggests that Stephen abandoned from the challenge around
this time to focus on other issues. Only a handful of them (earldoms) had
existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic. 

During the War of the First Coalition, light quickly began to be shed upon a
young Corsican artillery officer, following the French Revolution: Napoleon
Bonaparte. Although not a resolver of the conflict, the French victory at the
Battle of Marengo forced the Austrians to give Italy up for the second time. The
blockage of Villeneuve's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the
British Isles, also because new developments were taking place in the continent.
Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a
general peace treaty, but his hopes were soon dashed: the new British Prime
Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement, and so did Tsar Alexander. 

With regards to religious practices, Fiorello was educated within the Episcopal
Church, and remained a member of the Protestant Church throughout his life. 

The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming, as he and
Walter had predicted; it is for this reason that Olivia, among others, was
trained as a child. 

Both students of Goffredo Petrassi, Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the
Santa (Saint) Cecelia conservatory. Between them bloomed a long professional and
amicable relationship that lasted for years. Nicolai collaborates on various
cinematic scores by Morricone as Metti, one night at dinner; some of them were
written by both together. However, the friendship has fallen apart due to
unofficial collaborations between the two, which has given rise to legal
disputes. During their various collaborations, it is not clear who between the
two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on
characterised both artists' style. 

In the 20th century, between 1904 and 1914, Antonio Gaudí brought about a reform
that lasted ten years. It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many
lateral chapels between the buttresses. Tradition has it that the theme was
selected intentionally because of the great number of converted Jews who lived
in Palma. 

Before the Andes were formed, the western margin of South America had already
been the site of several orogenies. The central Andes belong to the so-called
'Andes de tipo andino' which were formed by the subduction of the oceanic crust.

However, the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the
progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in
1879. Under his administration, the female vote was approved, political parties
were legalised, all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining
political prisoners were freed. The collapse of and intervention in dozens of
banks lead to a flight of capital, causing businesses to go bankrupt. 

It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary, the
imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the
lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa. 

Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command
of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of
New York. This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to
get their independence. Indians arrived from Canada, led by Joseph Brant; they
supported the British because the colonists were expropriating more and more of
their lands. The expedition was led by General Joseph Burgoyne who intended to
reach Albany. However, they were intercepted and had to do battle in Freeman,
close to the Hudson River. 

Golden Age Spanish or Early Modern Spanish is the variant of the language that
constitutes the transition from Medieval Spanish to Modern Spanish. On the other
hand, external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers,
their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language. 

Nonetheless, if the English law had been accepted, the daughters of Luis X,
Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne, above their
aunt Isabella of France. The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of
1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan: an invasion of the entire Kingdom
of France. 

He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires, the extension
of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army. 

In 1976 he met with a friend who worked with his record label The Rocket Record
Company, Kiki Dee, to record what would be another remarkable success for him:
"Don't Go Breaking My Heart". 

Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally,
an act that, as was predictable, took advantage of the Caesarians who were in
his favor. César was personally informed of Pompey's actions by Curio, who at
that time had finished his term in office. Meanwhile, his place in tribune was
occupied by Marco Antonio, who held the position until December. But when the
Senate answered him definitively by prohibiting him from competing at the
consolate and giving him the option of either withdrawing his troops or becoming
a public enemy, he understood that, whatever alternative he chose, he would
surrender unarmed into the hands of his political enemies. On the 1st January 49
BC, Marco Antonio read a declaration from Caesar in which the proconsul declared
himself a friend of peace. 
