Introduction 

Research on adult-learned second language (L2) has provided considerable insight
into the neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the learning and processing of L2
grammar [1]–[11]. Of interest here, studies suggest that, despite the
difficulties in acquiring L2 grammar, adult learners can approximate native-like
levels of use and neurocognitive processing [12]–[15]. However, it is not enough
to have attained such native-like levels. Crucially, it is also desirable to
retain them, even in the absence of continued practice or exposure to the L2. In
fact, substantial periods (months to years) of limited or no exposure following
L2 training are not uncommon, and may even be the norm [16]. Such a scenario may
be found in different situations, including when one studies a language in a
classroom and then stops taking classes [17], [18] and when one is immersed in a
foreign language setting and then moves away [19]. In the present study, we
examine the outcomes of such a period of no exposure on the neurocognition of L2
grammar: that is, whether a substantial period of no exposure leads to decreased
proficiency and/or less native-like neural processes (“use it or lose it” [20]),
no such changes, or perhaps whether even higher proficiency and/or more
native-like processing may be observed. Additionally, we test whether any such
outcomes might vary as a function of the type of L2 training, in particular
between classroom-like and immersion-like contexts. 

Previous Research 

We are aware of six studies designed to investigate the effects of a substantial
period of limited exposure following adult L2 training [17], [18], [21]–[24],
all of which were restricted to the examination of behavioral (performance)
outcomes. (Note that we do not consider case studies, purely observational data,
or research on L2s acquired by children; for a comprehensive review, see [16]).
The six studies tested L2 learners after periods of 1 month to 50 years of
limited L2 exposure, mainly on general language skills [17], [18], [21], [23],
[24], though also on more specific paradigms meant to target aspects of
grammatical abilities [17], [18] or lexical abilities [22], [23]. These language
measures were compared in most studies to the same measures in a different set
of subjects who had not experienced a period of limited exposure [17], [18],
[22], [23], or to retrospective ratings of the same subjects [21], with only one
longitudinal study testing the same subjects before and after a period of
limited exposure [24]. Across the studies, the periods of limited exposure
followed either classroom training [17], [18], [22], [24] or mixed classroom and
immersion training [21], [23], [24]. The training lasted varying lengths of
time, apparently usually in the range of a few years, and resulted in seemingly
varying proficiency levels (though not directly measured, except by [24]) prior
to the period of limited exposure. 

Overall, the results of the six studies have been taken to suggest the
following. A period of limited exposure generally leads to attrition (loss) of
L2 performance or knowledge [17], [18], [21], [23]. Such loss has been observed
after as little as a few months of limited exposure, e.g., after a 1-7 month
[23] or 6 month delay [21], as well as after 2 years [18], though in one case it
was observed only by 3-5 years, and not earlier [17]. Although attrition may
take place within the first few years, some studies suggest that it then appears
to level off, with no further losses occurring [17], [18]. Higher levels of
proficiency (or exposure) may be associated with less attrition [17], [18],
[21], [23] or even with no observed losses [21]. Moreover, one study found no
changes at all in performance, across proficiency levels, after either 2 or 4
years of limited exposure [22]. Finally, in some cases a gain in performance has
been observed: after 1.5 years of limited exposure in one study, particularly
for L2 learners with immersion as well as classroom training [24], and in
another study after 2 years, though only for some abilities, such as listening
and reading comprehension [18]. It remains unclear what might explain such
gains, which have been attributed to motivation and to L2 experience during the
period of ostensibly limited exposure [24], or to factors related to general
maturation, cognitive development, or continued academic training [18]. 

Digital Humanities Clinics - Leading Dutch Librarians into DH 

Michiel Cock m.p.cock@vu.nl Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, the Netherlands Lotte
Wilms lotte.wilms@kb.nl National Library of the Netherlands, the Netherlands 

In 2015, an initiative was started to set up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community
in the Netherlands and Belgium, based on the example of the American communal
space of librarians, archivists, LIS graduate students, and information
specialists to discuss topics ‘Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet’.
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to
learn more about digital humanities and were not (yet) in the situation where
they were able to offer expertise on the subject. On the administrative level,
the directors of the libraries participating in the consortium of Dutch academic
libraries (UKB) also expressed the wish that librarians become more fluent in
DH. 

A year later, the National Library of the Netherlands (Koninklijke Bibliotheek),
and the University Library of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam again concluded
that librarians at their institutes who wanted to get involved in DH needed more
training to adequately support researchers and students in this field. Therefore
both institutes joined forces to develop a set of clinics on DH for librarians.
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries. We see
this as the ideal opportunity to provide these educative sessions not only to
our own librarians, but also to the academic librarians of other Dutch research
libraries. In essence, we want to teach our country’s librarians the ins and
outs of DH in order for them to take up their natural role of facilitating and
supporting research and ideally become the research partner needed in DH
projects. 

The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological competencies and
technical skills in DH, for a diverse group of librarians, consisting of both
subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills. The content of
these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and
students, identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address
by self-directed learning and (perhaps) to automate their daily library work. We
are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data crunchers, but want to
boost their knowledge level to where they feel comfortable providing information
about DH projects, follow the literature and research, follow online tutorials
and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional development
by engaging with the DH community. 

In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working
Out Loud-principle (Williams, 2010): 

Desk research about what being a DH librarian entails (e.g. Hartsell-Gundy et
al., 2015; Mulligan, 2016; also see the Zotero library of the LIBER Digital
Humanities working group); 

Identify possible subjects, based on experience, a comparison of existing
teaching material related to DH (e.g. The Programming Historian, the Digital
Scholarship Training Programme at the British Library and Columbia University's
Developing Librarian project) and the TaDiRAH taxonomy of research activities; 

Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects, based on the knowledge and
skills they feel librarians need; 

Get feedback from librarians on possible subjects, based on already known gaps
in their knowledge and skills. 

With these in hand, we will design the curriculum of clinics, based on the
method of 'constructive alignment' (Biggs et al., 2011), to make sure that the
intended learning objectives and the teaching/learning activities stay aligned.

Our plan is to organize a maximum of 6 clinics, each one full day. Each day
starts with one or more lectures by researchers, that address the conceptual
knowledge needed. The afternoon sessions will be devoted to the hands-on
training of skills, following the Library Carpentry model as closely as
possible. By having researchers provide the lecture sessions, we hope to fuel
the enthusiasm of the librarians with the inspiration of direct contact with
researchers and to provide access to a network within and across universities.
With these clinics, we hope to initiate a stream of DH activities in Dutch
universities, making access to support easier for new digital scholars. 

The poster at DH2017 will present the curriculum, its position in the
international context and offer the lessons learned from both the design process
and the first clinics. We welcome discussion about our efforts and the
possibilities of applying this in other contexts. 

Education and early loves 

Byron received his early formal education at Aberdeen Grammar School, and in
August 1799 entered the school of Dr. William Glennie, in Dulwich. [17] Placed
under the care of a Dr. Bailey, he was encouraged to exercise in moderation but
not restrain himself from "violent" bouts in an attempt to overcompensate for
his deformed foot. His mother interfered with his studies, often withdrawing him
from school, with the result that he lacked discipline and his classical studies
were neglected. 

In 1801, he was sent to Harrow, where he remained until July 1805. [6] An
undistinguished student and an unskilled cricketer, he did represent the school
during the very first Eton v Harrow cricket match at Lord's in 1805. [19] 

His lack of moderation was not restricted to physical exercise. Byron fell in
love with Mary Chaworth, whom he met while at school, [6] and she was the reason
he refused to return to Harrow in September 1803. His mother wrote, "He has no
indisposition that I know of but love, desperate love, the worst of all maladies
in my opinion. In short, the boy is distractedly in love with Miss Chaworth."
[6] In Byron's later memoirs, "Mary Chaworth is portrayed as the first object of
his adult sexual feelings." [20] 

Byron finally returned in January 1804, [6] to a more settled period which saw
the formation of a circle of emotional involvements with other Harrow boys,
which he recalled with great vividness: "My school friendships were with me
passions (for I was always violent)." [21] The most enduring of those was with
John FitzGibbon, 2nd Earl of Clare — four years Byron's junior — whom he was to
meet unexpectedly many years later in Italy (1821). [22] His nostalgic poems
about his Harrow friendships, Childish Recollections (1806), express a prescient
"consciousness of sexual differences that may in the end make England untenable
to him." [23] Letters to Byron in the John Murray archive contain evidence of a
previously unremarked if short-lived romantic relationship with a younger boy at
Harrow, John Thomas Claridge. 

John FitzGibbon, 2nd Earl of Clare 

Ah! Sure some stronger impulse vibrates here, Which whispers friendship will be
doubly dear To one, who thus for kindred hearts must roam, And seek abroad, the
love denied at home. 

The following autumn, he went up to Trinity College, Cambridge, [24] where he
met and formed a close friendship with the younger John Edleston. About his
"protégé" he wrote, "He has been my almost constant associate since October,
1805, when I entered Trinity College. His voice first attracted my attention,
his countenance fixed it, and his manners attached me to him for ever." In his
memory Byron composed Thyrza, a series of elegies. [25] In later years, he
described the affair as "a violent, though pure love and passion". This
statement, however, needs to be read in the context of hardening public
attitudes toward homosexuality in England and the severe sanctions (including
public hanging) against convicted or even suspected offenders. [26] The liaison,
on the other hand, may well have been "pure" out of respect for Edleston's
innocence, in contrast to the (probably) more sexually overt relations
experienced at Harrow School. [27] 

Byron spent three years at Trinity College, engaging in sexual escapades,
boxing, horse riding and gambling. [28] Also while at Cambridge he formed
lifelong friendships with men such as John Cam Hobhouse, who initiated him into
the Cambridge Whig Club, which endorsed liberal politics, [28] and Francis
Hodgson, a Fellow at King's College, with whom he corresponded on literary and
other matters until the end of his life. 

Emperor Norton 

Joshua Abraham Norton (c. 1818 – January 8, 1880), known as Emperor Norton, was
a citizen of San Francisco, California, who in 1859 proclaimed himself "Norton
I, Emperor of the United States". He later expanded his pretense by claiming to
be "Protector of Mexico" as well. 

Born in England, Norton spent most of his early life in South Africa. After the
death of his mother in 1846 and his father in 1848, he sailed west, arriving in
San Francisco possibly in November 1849. Norton initially made a living as a
businessman, but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice. 

After he lost a lawsuit in which he tried to void his rice contract, Norton's
public prominence faded. He reemerged in September 1859, laying claim to the
position of Emperor of the United States. He had no political power, and his
influence extended only so far as he was humored by those around him;
nevertheless, he was treated deferentially in San Francisco, and currency issued
in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented. 

Though some considered him insane or eccentric, citizens of San Francisco
celebrated his regal presence and his proclamations, such as his order that the
United States Congress be dissolved by force and his numerous decrees calling
for a bridge connecting San Francisco to Oakland, and a corresponding tunnel to
be built under San Francisco Bay. Long after his death, similar structures were
built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay
Tube, and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge "The Emperor Norton
Bridge". 

On January 8, 1880, Norton collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont (now
Grant) streets and died before he could be given medical treatment. Nearly
30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his
funeral. Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the
literature of writers Mark Twain, Robert Louis Stevenson, Christopher Moore,
Morris and Goscinny, Selma Lagerlöf, and Neil Gaiman. 

Norton I, Emperor of the United States, photograph, c. 1871 – 72 

Declares himself emperor 

Emperor Joshua Norton, in full military regalia, circa 1880 or earlier 

By 1859, Norton had become completely disgruntled with what he considered the
inadequacies of the legal and political structures of the United States. On
September 17, 1859, he took matters into his own hands and distributed letters
to the various newspapers in the city, proclaiming himself "Emperor of these
United States": 

At the peremptory request and desire of a large majority of the citizens of
these United States, I, Joshua Norton, formerly of Algoa Bay, Cape of Good Hope,
and now for the last 9 years and 10 months past of S.F., Cal., declare and
proclaim myself Emperor of these U.S.; and in virtue of the authority thereby in
me vested, do hereby order and direct the representatives of the different
States of the Union to assemble in Musical Hall, of this city, on the 1st day of
Feb. next, then and there to make such alterations in the existing laws of the
Union as may ameliorate the evils under which the country is laboring, and
thereby cause confidence to exist, both at home and abroad, in our stability and
integrity. 

— NORTON I, Emperor of the United States. 

The announcement was first reprinted for humorous effect by the editor of the
San Francisco Bulletin. Norton would later add "Protector of Mexico" to this
title. Thus commenced his unprecedented and whimsical 21-year "reign" over
America. 

One of Norton's undated proclamations 

In his self-appointed role of emperor, Norton issued numerous decrees on matters
of the state. After assuming absolute control over the country, he saw no
further need for a legislature, and on October 12, 1859, he issued a decree
formally abolishing the United States Congress. In it, Norton observed: 

... fraud and corruption prevent a fair and proper expression of the public
voice; that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring, caused by mobs,
parties, factions and undue influence of political sects; that the citizen has
not that protection of person and property which he is entitled. 

Norton ordered all interested parties to assemble at Platt's Music Hall in San
Francisco in February 1860 to "remedy the evil complained of". 

In an imperial decree the following month, Norton summoned the Army to depose
the elected officials of the U.S. Congress: 

WHEREAS, a body of men calling themselves the National Congress are now in
session in Washington City, in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of
October last, declaring the said Congress abolished; 

WHEREAS, it is necessary for the repose of our Empire that the said decree
should be strictly complied with; 

NOW, THEREFORE, we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott, the
Command-in-Chief of our Armies, immediately upon receipt of this, our Decree, to
proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress. 

What'd you do Sabrina? 

Nothing. I left the phone in my bedroom last night, and so I'm grounded from the
phone. It was an accident. 

You guys are always in trouble. What's up with that? 

Mom's a bitch. 

Get your feet off of there. Get your feet off of there. 

You're so stupid thinking I spent the night. I came home last night and told
you. 

Kendra, just let it go. 

You — 

No, because she doesn't — 

All you said last night was — 

She thinks I spent the night in my jeans — 

Kim wasn't staying the night. 

If I did spend the night, and I was trying to lie, I would give up, cause then I
wouldn't care, cause I knew I deserved it. But I didn't spend the night, and I
don't deserve this. Kim couldn't spend the night, I told you. She could, but
then af- — I wanted to stay at the game longer. And her mom wanted to take her
home early, and I'm like, no let's stay longer. But her mom wouldn't let her.
And so she went home and, I was like, I'll call you when I get home, and then
you come over. And she goes, no just spend the night. We'll do this some other
weekend. Okay cool, cause she had to go bowling in the morning. Talk to
Melanie's mom. Her mom would know. I'll have Melanie call you. 

Oh. 

Her mom call you, 

Right, right. 

Her mom wouldn't lie. 

Right, Melanie will call me to confirm your lie. 

Melanie lies but — 

You'll get a hold of her first. I know how that works. 

No, Melanie's mom. 

I thought Melanie didn't have a phone. But I'm supposed to call Melanie's mom. 

I didn't want you to have her phone number. 

Yeah, another lie. Remember? 

That was a long time ago. 

Now I'm supposed to re- — A- and I'm supposed to trust you every time you tell
the truth. But how am I supposed to know when you're telling the truth? 

That was a joke. That was a joke. 

Yeah, and I'm supposed to read your mind and know what you're joking about. 

No but, it was a joke. 

You know Kendra, y- — I don't know how many times I gotta tell you, once you
lie, once you lie — 

Are they having a carwash? 

You lose th- complete trust. 

No. 

Yeah they are. 

Yeah that's what it is a — 

We should have a carwash there. 

Carwash and a bakesale. They're not getting any people though. 

Mm. Hot out. 

What's that supposed to be? They're making it into something. 

You're not going anywhere for a while. 

It's a bookstore. 

Really? 

God, I didn't spend the night, that's what makes me so mad, I'm grounded for
nothing. I was home all night last night, I came home and told you. And even my
cuffs and everything's on my bed. So stupid. Next time if I leave in the
morning, I'll wake you up. Mom I'm awake now, I'm leaving. 

Well you woke me up last night, to tell me Kim wasn't spending the night. I
don't know why you couldn't wake me up in the morning, to tell me that you were
going. You guys wake me up every time I'm trying to take a little nap. 

What if we are awake? I was tired this morning. So much fun. My hair looks like
a mess. I left it in a ponytail, I didn't even have time to take a shower. I
think if I spent the night I would've took a shower. All I need is your
signature so I can play the volleyball. On the volleyball team. 

No. No. 

Why? It's just volleyball. It's f- like on Saturdays and Wednesdays. It's for
church. It's fun. 

You have practice every Wednesday. 

Yeah but, not at uh — This is at six thirty. 

I don't care. 

And Susan's going to it too. 

Mm. Who cut the grass? 

Marlena did it. 

Marlena did it a long time ago, but it hasn't been watered. It's dying. 

I know. 

Gonna rip your purse. 

I know. 

See if I spent the night mom, you'd think I'd still be in my uniform? 

I know she's — J- she — See now she's trying to think of ways to cover her
tracks. I know what you're doing. Seen this before. 

I'm hungry. 

Shit. 

I love your jeans. 

Cause I wanted to go to the bathroom when you're done. 

Anyways, they were not. 

Did you get a sawsall? 

Yes, it's right here. 

Oh. 

I got the blades. They're right here. 

Do you remember the uh, program on TV, about Hantavirus? 

About what virus? 

Hantavirus. 

Hutter? What's that about? I don't re- – I don't remember. 

It's the one from the dead mice. 

Oh, yeah. Is it, is it all over now? Is it for real now? Is it in here? Is it in
the United States now? 

They said, they already determined it was in like eighteen different states. 

What? 

So? 

The Hantavirus. 

What, what are you g- — 

Well — 

So what're you getting at? 

That insulation out there with the mice shit in it? 

Did you just wash — Yes. 

Really bothers me. 

I kn- — Oh oh I know. I mean that's the thing I thought of too. 

Well, it's all packed up in garbage bags now. I didn't even touch it. Used a
hoe, stuffed it. I didn't touch anything. Don't touch anything yellow. Okay? Not
with your gloves or anything. Find something else to pick it up with. 

Mhm. Did you — did you put it in a trash bag? 

I took that brown trash thing, and tucked a bag in it. And then I put them in
there. Squashed em down. 

The Beast 

I was thirteen. It was spring, the barren time in March when you can not be sure
if it is really warmer, but you are so desperate for change that you tell
yourself the mud at the edge of the sidewalk is different from winter mud and
you are sure that the smell of wet soil has suddenly a bit of the scent of
summer rains, of grass and drowned earthworms. And it has, because it is spring
and inside the ground something is stirring. I was wearing a yellow linen dress
which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it
flattered me. My shoes were white and I was concentrating on keeping them out of
the mud. My father and I were going to mass — my mother did not go; she was
Protestant. My father put his hand on top of my hair, his palm on my head, and I
could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm, so dry and strong.
When I was a little girl, he did that often, and called me Muscles. He had not
called me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time. I could not help
arching my back a little, I wanted to push against his hand like a cat but the
instinct that comes with being thirteen, the half-understood caution that makes
a girl timid, or wild, the shyness told me to just walk. I wanted to feel the
rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek, but I was too tall. I
wanted to be seven again, and safe. But I still wanted to push against his hand
and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove, that secret
animal. 

Instead I went into the church, took a Bulletin, dipped my finger in Holy Water
and genuflected. The inside of the church smelled like damp wood and furniture
polish, not alive at all. My father took off his coat and draped it over the
edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove. The paper
taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the
leather. It smelled like March. 

We walked back through the school because it was drizzling, my father tall in
his navy suit and my shoes going click on the linoleum. There were two classes
of each grade, starting at the sixth and going down to the first. The hall ended
in a T and we went left through the gym, walked underneath the bleachers and
stood next to the side door, waiting for the rain to stop. 

It was dark under the bleachers. My father was a young man, thirty-five, younger
because he liked to be outside, to play softball on Saturday and to take my
mother and me camping on vacation. He stood rocked back on his heels with his
coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets. I thought of bacon
and eggs, toast with peach jam out of the jar. I was so hungry. 

The space under the bleachers was secret and dark. There were things in the
shadows; a metal pail, a mop, rags. Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron
candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar. There was no
holder and the end was jagged. On the floor was a wrapper from a French Chew.
They were sold at eighth-grade basketball games on Friday nights. The light from
the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker, the long space stretched
far away. 

I heard the rain and the faint rustle of paper and smelled damp concrete. I did
not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket, feeling the soft leather
glove. 

There was a rustling on the concrete and the drizzle of soft rain. I wondered if
anyone ever went back under the bleachers, if there were crickets or mice there.
The rustling might have been mice. I wished the rain would stop. I wanted to go
home. I made noises with my heels but they were too loud so I stopped. Something
else clicked and I tried to see what it was but couldn’t see anything. It wasn’t
as loud as my heels. My father cleared his throat, looking out the door. 

I imagined a man down there in the dark, an escaped convict or a madman. 

It had nearly stopped raining. In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother
would fry eggs. 

I heard a noise like paper. My father heard it, too, but he pretended not to, at
least he didn’t turn his head. And there was a heavier sound, a rasp, like a box
pulled over concrete. I looked at my father but he didn’t turn his head. I
wished he would turn his head. There was a click again and the rustle, and I
could not think of what it could be. I had no explanation for the particular
combination of sounds. No doubt there was, some two things that happened to be
making noises at the same time. Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds
outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through
the glass and attack me, but it was only the rain on the eaves. 

Chapter Two: Master Lunre 

My father’s actions were largely incomprehensible to me, guided by his own
secret and labyrinthine calculations. He dwelt in another world, a world of
intrigue, bargains, contracts and clandestine purchases of land all over the
island. He was in many ways a world in himself, whole as a sphere. No doubt his
decisions were perfectly logical in his own eyes — even the one that prompted
him, a patriotic islander, to bring me a tutor from Bain: Master Lunre, an
Olondrian. 

The day began as it usually did when my father was expected home from his
travels, the house festooned with flowers and stocked with coconut liquor. We
stood by the gate, washed and perfumed and arrayed in our brightest clothes, my
mother twisting her hands in her skirt, my father’s wife with red eyes. Jom,
grown taller and broad in the shoulders, moaned gently to himself, while I stood
nervously rubbing the heel of one sandal on the flagstones. We scanned the deep
blue valley for the first sign of the company, but before we saw them we heard
the children shouting: “A yellow man!” 

A yellow man! We glanced at one another in confusion. My mother bit her lower
lip; Jom gave a groan of alarm. At first I thought the children meant my father,
whose golden skin, the color of the night-monkey’s pelt, was a rarity in the
islands; but certainly the children of Tyom were familiar with my father, and
would never have greeted a council-member with such ill-mannered yells. Then I
remembered the only “yellow man” I had ever seen, an Olondrian wizard and doctor
who had visited Tyom in my childhood, who wore two pieces of glass on his eyes,
attached to his ears with wires, and roamed the hills of Tinimavet, cutting bits
off the trees. I have since learned that that doctor wrote a well-received
treatise, On the Medicinal Properties of the Juice of the Young Coconut, and
died a respected man in his native city of Deinivel; but at the time I felt
certain he had returned with his sack of tree-cuttings. 

“There they are,” said Pavit, the head house-servant, in a strained voice. And
there they were: a chain of riders weaving among the trees. My father’s plaited
umbrella appeared, his still, imposing figure, and beside him another man, tall
and lean, astride an island mule. The hectic screams of the children preceded
the company into the village, so that they advanced like a festival, drawing
people out of their houses. As they approached I saw that my father’s face was
shining with pride, and his bearing had in it a new hauteur, like that of the
old island kings. The man who rode beside him, looking uncomfortable with his
long legs, kept his gaze lowered and fixed between the ears of his plodding
mule. He was not yellow, but very pale brown, the color of raw cashews; he had
silver hair, worn cropped close to the skull so that it resembled a cap. He was
not the leaf-collecting doctor, but an altogether strange man, with silver
eyebrows in his smooth face and long fine-knuckled hands. As he dismounted in
front of the house I heard my mother whispering: “Protect us, God with the
Black-and-White Tail, from that which is not of this earth.” 

My father dismounted from his mule and strutted toward us, grinning. I thought I
caught an odor off him, of fish, sea-sickness and sweat. We knelt and stared
down at the bald ground, murmuring ritual greetings, until he touched the tops
of our heads with the palm of his fleshy hand. Then we stood, unable to keep
from staring at the stranger, who faced us awkwardly, half-smiling, taller than
any man there. 

Wikinews interviews meteorological experts on Cyclone Phalin 

File photo of interviewee David Titley. Image: David Titley. 

Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h, as it surges
over land will it begin to lose strength? 

Yes, all tropical cyclones are driven by high heat content waters. Once a storm
moves over any appreciably sized piece of land, the moisture source is removed
and the storm begins to dissipate. As of the last advisory, T C Phailin has
winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has moved inland, headed on a northwest
track. That is a Category 3 storm. The forecast is for a continued decline in
strength to a tropical storm within 24 hours and a tropical depression within 36
hours. However, there will be very heavy rains and flooding along its path. 

Yes, it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this swirling system
moves from being over ocean to being over land. This occurs for two reasons: 

As it moves over land, it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm
[which is] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface; 

Increased friction - the ocean surface is much, much smoother than the land
surface. 

Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy called latent heat, which is
released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form rain. As
tropical cyclones make landfall, this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly
lose strength as they move over land. 

Yes, the Cyclone is almost certain to lose strength as it surges over land.
Cyclones gather their strength through scraping moisture and heat from warm
ocean water that it is not the case over land. In the mean time, much stronger
friction over land quickly reduces their strength. 

Yes. All tropical cyclones lose strength once they make landfall. However, they
can remain dangerous storms due to very heavy rains and subsequent landslides,
and river flooding. 

Phailin's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes inland. 

Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose strength.
However, and this is important, it still will contain lots of rainfall making
flooding an almost certainty. 

File photo of interviewee R Saravanan. Image: R Saravanan. 

A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of India left 10,000 people
dead. Is the Indian government well prepared to deal with this cyclone? 

I have not followed that aspect of the societal response for the present storm.
However, historically, there have been several events that should cause a
societal response. Hopefully, we all learn from past mistakes. The history of
strong cyclones and death in the region is notable, with at least 5 large
cyclone events in the past 35 years with 10,000 and as many as 300,000 people
killed, millions left homeless and estimated damages as high as US$ 10 billion.

I don't have enough information to answer this question, one way or the other. 

From all the press reports that I have read, the Indian government appears to
have taken the threat of Cyclone Phailin very seriously indeed. The government
has been much more pro-active in preparing for this cyclone than in the past.
The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly accurate.
Mandatory mass evacuations have been carried out, which is essential to minimize
loss of life in these situations. Unfortunately, extensive property damage is
bound to occur even with the best preparation. 

My knowledge of the responsiveness of the Indian government to this storm is
purely from the cyber space. I heard that they orchestrated the largest people
evacuation to a natural disaster in Indian history. This shall be applauded
given the size and strength of Phailin. I visited the damaged area of the 1999
storm near Bhubaneshwar in the summer of 2012 for an invited symposium and
summer school on tropical cyclones [...] sponsored by the Indian government.
Given the living standard and residence of people living near the coastal areas
in this region, the evacuation is certainly necessary and essential to save
lives. 

I cannot comment directly on how the Indian government was prepared for this
cyclone. However, the news reports (BBC etc.) were very encouraging in that the
authorities were reportedly making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population
from near the coast and areas that are prone to flooding. Water is the main
killer in these storms. 

From all reports that I have seen, the government was well prepared for this
cyclone. 

For this question I don't know the 'preparedness' of the Indian gov't to deal
with this. 

Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming 

General questions 

What is Heaven Sent Gaming? 

Heaven Sent Gaming is basically me and Isabel, I'm Mario J. Lucero. 

And, I'm Isabel Ruiz. 

And, together we formed this thing, it's sort of like an entertainment team. We
started it basically, because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a
lot of projects that we had going on together. We were coming with comics, like,
left and right, we were coming up with things like Karis, in high school she
came up with that one, I came up with an individual story called Thad's World
Destruction and, she wanted to illustrate it, and so, that's the way we ended up
doing it. 

Yep, we like to just make our own original content, and, yep, that's what we
wanted to do. 

How did you two meet? 

We met back in high school. In this private, tiny-tiny private school of 50
students. But, before hand in middle school, I kept on hearing about this guy
named Mario, and he kept on hearing about me, this girl named Isabel. And,
everyone, all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say, "Hey, you'd
get along with him really well." So before hand I kinda knew about him, but I
never met him. And one of our friends, our common friends, he introduced us
during study hall, and we just kind of hit it off from there. 

It's true. 

Who else is involved in this project? 

Currently, we're in talks with people. There's Jeff [Drake], who is behind the
camera. 

Right now, yeah, he's helping us right now. We're talking about doing some
individual web series, video series. Josh Kindig, he's coming on board, he has
some ideas for that too, he wants to take over "aywv" and do more gaming news. 

There's of course Jason, who is our editor and he's the one who writes dD. 

Digital Domain 

What is your purpose behind this venture? 

Well, back in college, back in Collins College, Isabel and I, we had met like
she said at Sandia View Academy, and we went off to college together in Arizona;
and ... (how do I best explain this?) Basically, she came up with a few class
projects, and I came up with a few class projects; we started working with a few
of our friends, and colleagues and whatnot. Those included Drew Cass, Devin
Thurlow, people like that. She had several ideas, and she used to draw a lot in
the sketchbook, she used to have this thick sketchbook that she used to carry
around with her everywhere, where she'd draw these different characters and
whatnot; and she was always really shy to show that off to people, and I wanted
to help her show that stuff, and I wanted to bring it out to the world. I was a
writer, and she always liked my writings, so I was like, let's just get both of
our things together, and let's get this done. 

And for me, what I want the purpose to be, is to inspire people. To bring a
little more light to the world is what I want, out of all of this. 

And what was the verse that we have? First Corinthians 9: 25? 

Yes. 

Yeah, exactly. We just want to be able to bring, like she said, bring light into
the entertainment and into the media industry, specifically is what we do. 

Yeah. 

Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter's death Friday,
May 8, 2009 

Thomas Sam, 42, and his wife Manju Sam, 36, from Sydney, Australia, are
undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their
nine-month-old child, Gloria. She died from infection caused by severe eczema
after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy, a
form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience. Articles
in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have
characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery. 

An example of severe eczema. Image: Jambula. 

Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were
advised to send the child to a skin specialist. Thomas Sam, a practising
homeopath, instead decided to treat his daughter himself. His daughter's
condition deteriorated, to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling
the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin, leading to severe
malnutrition and, eventually, her death. By the end, Gloria's eczema was so
severe that her skin broke every time her parents changed her clothes or nappy,
and in the words of the Crown prosecutor, Mark Tedeschi, QC, "Gloria spent a lot
of the last five months of her life crying, irritable, scratching and the only
thing that gave her solace was to suck on her mother's breast." Gloria also
became unable to move her legs. 

Mr. Tedeschi also told the court that, over the last five months of her life,
"Gloria's eczema played a devastating role in her overall health and it is
asserted by the Crown that both her parents knew this and discussed it with each
other." However, despite their child's severe illness, and her lack of
improvement, the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment, instead
seeking help from other homeopaths and naturopaths. Gloria temporarily improved
during the rare times they used conventional treatments, but they soon dropped
them in favour of homeopathy, and she consistently worsened. 

Allegedly, Thomas' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional
medical doctor, but he replied "I am not able to do that". The parents are also
accused of putting their social life ahead of their child, taking her on a trip
to India and leaving her to servants while embarking on a busy social schedule,
and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the prescription creams they
had been given. 

Gloria was finally taken to the emergency department shortly before her death.
By this time, "her skin was weeping, her body malnourished and her corneas
melting", according to the Sydney Morning Herald. 

Speaking in the parents' defense, Tom Molomby, SC, said that, as the parents
came from India, where homeopathy is in common use, they should be declared not
guilty due to cultural differences. 

Homeopathy is a form of alternative medicine which treats patients with
massively diluted forms of substances that, if given to a healthy person
undiluted, would cause symptoms similar to the disease. Typical treatments take
the dilutions, with ritualised shaking between each step of the dilution, past
the level where any molecules of the original substance are likely to remain;
for homeopathic treatments to work, basic well-understood concepts in chemistry
and physics would have to be wrong. There is no evidence that homeopathy is more
effective than placebo for any condition. 

Australian children suffering from iodine deficiency 

Thursday, February 23, 2006 

Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately
iodine deficient, researchers say. A new study documenting iodine nutritional
status in Australian school children has revealed many are not getting enough
iodine - which can lead to mental and growth retardation. The report's authors
say iodine deficiency is "the sleeper health issue in Australia", and
potentially a very serious one. 

The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the
Medical Journal of Australia this week, revealed that children in mainland
Australia are borderline iodine deficient. The report has prompted calls for all
edible salt to be iodised. They say adding the mineral to salt is the simplest
and most effective method of preventing iodine deficiency disorders. 

A cross-sectional survey of 1709 schoolchildren - aged 8 – 10 years, from 88
schools - was carried out in New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Western
Australia and Queensland, between July 2003 and December 2004. Tasmania was
excluded from the study - where an voluntary iodine fortification program using
iodised salt in bread, is ongoing. 

The authors say the results confirm the existence of inadequate iodine intake in
the Australian population. They call for "urgent implementation of mandatory
iodisation of all edible salt in Australia." Most iodine in food comes from
seafood, milk and iodised salt. 

Professor Cres Eastman, Director of the National Iodine Nutrition study, and
Chairman of the Australian Centre for Control of Iodine Deficiency Disorders,
says it is crucial that children and pregnant women in particular have an
adequate intake of iodine. Iodine deficiency can lead to serious health problems
including brain damage, stunted growth and deafness. 

Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using
iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European
countries. "I suspect they won't do that on a voluntary basis, we've tried so
far and haven't succeeded, so we've convinced the Food Standards of Australia
and New Zealand | that all salt should be iodised," he said. 

The report says the decline in iodine intake appears to be due to changes in the
dairy industry, where chlorine-containing sanitisers have replaced
iodine-containing sanitisers. Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has
been the major source of dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades,
but is now declining. Another contributory factor has been the decreasing
consumption of iodised salt used in foods. The report states that few if any
food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods.

Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in
contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be
iodised. He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for
mandatory iodised salt. 

"The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when
it occurs. So if we go to the pregnant woman, she doesn't get enough iodine, she
won't make enough thyroid hormone, and the foetus won't get the amount of
thyroid hormone it needs for adequate and proper development of the brain, so
you'll then see consequences being loss of IQ, learning difficulties, hearing
difficulties and other neurological problems," Professor Eastman said. 

"If an infant's not getting enough iodine ... brain development won't be
completed and they won't grow normally, and as you get older the problem will be
that you will develop a goiter and your thyroid won't function as well as it
should, so that may have all sorts of pernicious effects upon normal function in
life." 

More than two billion people around the world live in areas prone to iodine
deficiency, and yet the problem is easily fixed. The World Health Organisation
(WHO) recommends that every country should iodise all edible salt. The most well
known effects of IDD are visible goiter and cretinism, a condition characterised
by severe brain damage occurring in very early life. WHO say Iodine deficiency
is the world’s most prevalent, yet easily preventable, cause of brain damage. 

Professor Eastman said he is alarmed by what they found. "Pregnant women in
Australia are getting about half as much as what they require on a daily basis.
So that alarms me, because there's quite serious potential for adverse effects
and brain damage in the next generation of children born in this country," he
said. 

"If Iodine deficiency is serious you lose 15 IQ points, on average. There
shouldn't be anyone suffering from iodine deficiency in a developed country like
Australia." 

Lydia Buchtmann for Food Standards Australia New Zealand, says they are looking
at mandatory guidelines on iodine by the end of the year. She says the issue is
complicated and will take time to get right. We need to "make sure there's
sufficient iodine added into the food supply, to help those people with a
deficiency. But at the other end of the scale we've got to make sure the people
who eat a lot of food - we all know the teenage boy who comes home from school
and eats a whole loaf of bread - that those people don't get too much and get
overdose," Ms Bauchtman said. "One of the reasons that iodine is going down is
because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt
during cooking." 

Senior researcher Mu Li, of the University of NSW's school of public health,
said "it is reasonable to assume that pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers
are also iodine deficient, putting the next generation of children born in this
country at risk of the neuropsychological consequences of iodine deficiency." 

Madam Speaker, "I solemnly swear that in all things appertaining to the trial of
the impeachment of Donald John Trump, President of the United States, now
pending, I will do impartial justice according to the Constitution and laws." 

That is the oath Senators swore on January 16. It is the oath created by
Senators when they tried the first impeachment of a President in 1868. It is an
oath rooted in the Revolution fought by their grandparents to create a republic
of laws, not kings. It is an oath whose power derives from its common sense:
that a juror must always be impartial for a trial to be fair. And it is an oath
made necessary by the fact that Senators are not, as we are not, under normal
circumstances, impartial in our work. 

The words chosen for this oath recognize that when our Constitution calls
Senators to try impeachment, it calls them away from their role as partisans.
When that oath is taken, Senators are supposed to step back from the affiliation
of party or political kinship with or opposition to the President on trial. They
are required, as the oath plainly states, to "do impartial justice according to
the Constitution and laws." 

Madam Speaker, this afternoon, Senators will be asked to vote on the two
Articles of Impeachment the House presented on abuse of power and the
obstruction of Congress. After voting to refuse to hear evidence and call
witnesses with pertinent information, nearly all Republican Senators have
already announced that they will vote against the articles. 

In doing so, many of them acknowledge that what President Trump did was wrong
and inappropriate. They accept that it was wrong for him to withhold military
aid to Ukraine until the President of that country promised to interfere in the
American elections. 

The evidence of President Trump's abuse of power and attempt to solicit foreign
interference in the 2020 elections is clear enough that Republican Senators
cannot and have not denied the facts, yet they cannot bring themselves to
confront this President and are choosing party over country. 

The Senator from Alaska, in explaining her decision to vote to block witnesses
and evidence, tried to deflect responsibility from the consequences of her
actions, writing: "I have come to the conclusion that there will be no fair
trial in the Senate." I agree with that. She further said: "It is sad for me
today to admit that, as an institution, the Congress has failed." 

Madam Speaker, the Congress has not failed. The House did its job, whether you
agree or not. In regular order, by a vote of this House, we impeached the
President of the United States based upon our oath to protect and defend the
Constitution of the United States. 

The House did its job and did so with the solemnity required when undertaking
the process of impeachment, which we did not seek but accepted as our
responsibility under the Constitution. We held hearings, called witnesses, and
subpoenaed documents. Many of the witnesses and documents, of course, were
withheld by the White House. 

It is the Senate that will fail if Senators do not uphold their oaths to
impartial justice. It is the Senate, Madam Speaker, that will fail if it does
not hold this President accountable for using a hold on military aid to compel
an ally to interfere in our election for his own personal gain. 

History will judge poorly those who choose fear of their party over the courage
to do the right thing. Neither the Speaker nor myself, nor the whip, Jim
Clyburn, urged any member in our party to vote any way on impeachment. There was
no lobbying. There was no pressure. Our members voted consistent with their oath
of office and the conviction that that vote was required by that oath to protect
and defend the Constitution. 

Americans will judge. I am often asked why the House passed Articles of
Impeachment even knowing that the odds were slim that Senate Republicans would
set aside partisanship and hear the case as impartial jurors. It is because I
know future generations will look back on this chapter in our history and ask:
Who stood up for the Constitution and the laws? Who stood up for the values our
Founders charged us to keep? Who refused to shrink from the heavy
responsibilities of their oath? I can be proud that the House did its job,
followed the law, defended our Constitution. 

We did not convict; that is not our role. Essentially, what we said was there
was probable cause that powers had been abused and certainly cause to see that
the President refused to cooperate with the constitutional responsibilities of
the House of Representatives. 

I am also proud of the House managers, as all of my colleagues on the Democratic
side of the aisle are proud of our managers who made their case. They made their
case with intellect. They made their case with evidence that had been adduced
here in the House. They made their case and appealed to Senators to hold this
President accountable, as our Founders intended. 

Almost everybody has watched a trial either in person or on television. A trial
is not an opening argument and a closing argument with nothing in between.
Seventy-five percent of our people wanted to have witnesses because that was
their understanding of what a trial is, not just argument at the beginning and
argument at the end, but evidence for jurors who have pledged to be impartial to
consider. Any judge in this country would agree that opening and closing
statements alone are not a trial. 

Nevertheless, the House managers proved their case. The truth is clear. The
American people know what that truth is and know what this President has done.
And they will remember who on this day abided by the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth. 

Learning Objectives 

By the end of this section, you will be able to: 

Describe cognition 

Distinguish concepts and prototypes 

Explain the difference between natural and artificial concepts 

Imagine all of your thoughts as if they were physical entities, swirling rapidly
inside your mind. How is it possible that the brain is able to move from one
thought to the next in an organized, orderly fashion? The brain is endlessly
perceiving, processing, planning, organizing, and remembering—it is always
active. Yet, you don’t notice most of your brain’s activity as you move
throughout your daily routine. This is only one facet of the complex processes
involved in cognition. Simply put, cognition is thinking, and it encompasses the
processes associated with perception, knowledge, problem solving, judgment,
language, and memory. Scientists who study cognition are searching for ways to
understand how we integrate, organize, and utilize our conscious cognitive
experiences without being aware of all of the unconscious work that our brains
are doing (for example, Kahneman, 2011). 

Cognition 

Upon waking each morning, you begin thinking—contemplating the tasks that you
must complete that day. In what order should you run your errands? Should you go
to the bank, the cleaners, or the grocery store first? Can you get these things
done before you head to class or will they need to wait until school is done?
These thoughts are one example of cognition at work. Exceptionally complex,
cognition is an essential feature of human consciousness, yet not all aspects of
cognition are consciously experienced. 

Cognitive psychology is the field of psychology dedicated to examining how
people think. It attempts to explain how and why we think the way we do by
studying the interactions among human thinking, emotion, creativity, language,
and problem solving, in addition to other cognitive processes. Cognitive
psychologists strive to determine and measure different types of intelligence,
why some people are better at problem solving than others, and how emotional
intelligence affects success in the workplace, among countless other topics.
They also sometimes focus on how we organize thoughts and information gathered
from our environments into meaningful categories of thought, which will be
discussed later. 

Concepts and Prototypes 

The human nervous system is capable of handling endless streams of information.
The senses serve as the interface between the mind and the external environment,
receiving stimuli and translating it into nervous impulses that are transmitted
to the brain. The brain then processes this information and uses the relevant
pieces to create thoughts, which can then be expressed through language or
stored in memory for future use. To make this process more complex, the brain
does not gather information from external environments only. When thoughts are
formed, the brain also pulls information from emotions and memories (Figure
7.2). Emotion and memory are powerful influences on both our thoughts and
behaviors. 

Figure 7.2 Sensations and information are received by our brains, filtered
through emotions and memories, and processed to become thoughts. 

In order to organize this staggering amount of information, the brain has
developed a file cabinet of sorts in the mind. The different files stored in the
file cabinet are called concepts. Concepts are categories or groupings of
linguistic information, images, ideas, or memories, such as life experiences.
Concepts are, in many ways, big ideas that are generated by observing details,
and categorizing and combining these details into cognitive structures. You use
concepts to see the relationships among the different elements of your
experiences and to keep the information in your mind organized and accessible. 

Concepts are informed by our semantic memory (you will learn more about semantic
memory in a later chapter) and are present in every aspect of our lives;
however, one of the easiest places to notice concepts is inside a classroom,
where they are discussed explicitly. When you study United States history, for
example, you learn about more than just individual events that have happened in
America’s past. You absorb a large quantity of information by listening to and
participating in discussions, examining maps, and reading first-hand accounts of
people’s lives. Your brain analyzes these details and develops an overall
understanding of American history. In the process, your brain gathers details
that inform and refine your understanding of related concepts like democracy,
power, and freedom. 

Concepts can be complex and abstract, like justice, or more concrete, like types
of birds. In psychology, for example, Piaget’s stages of development are
abstract concepts. Some concepts, like tolerance, are agreed upon by many
people, because they have been used in various ways over many years. Other
concepts, like the characteristics of your ideal friend or your family’s
birthday traditions, are personal and individualized. In this way, concepts
touch every aspect of our lives, from our many daily routines to the guiding
principles behind the way governments function. 

Another technique used by your brain to organize information is the
identification of prototypes for the concepts you have developed. A prototype is
the best example or representation of a concept. For example, for the category
of civil disobedience, your prototype could be Rosa Parks. Her peaceful
resistance to segregation on a city bus in Montgomery, Alabama, is a
recognizable example of civil disobedience. Or your prototype could be Mohandas
Gandhi, sometimes called Mahatma Gandhi (“Mahatma” is an honorific title)
(Figure 7.3). 

Figure 7.3 In 1930, Mohandas Gandhi led a group in peaceful protest against a
British tax on salt in India. 

Mohandas Gandhi served as a nonviolent force for independence for India while
simultaneously demanding that Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim, and Christian
leaders—both Indian and British—collaborate peacefully. Although he was not
always successful in preventing violence around him, his life provides a
steadfast example of the civil disobedience prototype (Constitutional Rights
Foundation, 2013). Just as concepts can be abstract or concrete, we can make a
distinction between concepts that are functions of our direct experience with
the world and those that are more artificial in nature. 

What's up YouTube? So we are going to do a week of me vlogging. It's kind of an
interesting week. I bounced around here and there, so I have to kind of show you
guys around and show you what it's all about, and today I'm on general nuclear
medicine, so let's start the day. So like I said, I'm on my general nuclear
medicine rotation this week. I get switched around -- moved around a few times
to cover some residents who are on vacation, so I'll be at other spots later
this week. So so far this morning I've just read a few studies (it's a little
slow in the morning) of general nuclear medicine because a lot of stuff takes
time for the radio tracers to go into the body or the specific organ we are
targeting, so we have to wait a little bit in the morning. So I've done three
lymphoscintigraphies. For lymphoscintigraphies we basically inject technetium in
skin surrounding a melanoma and after we inject we wait about 15-20 minutes,
maybe up to an hour, and wait for that radio tracer to travel to the closest
lymph node which we would call the sentinel lymph node. What we do is we mark it
under our cameras and then the patient will go up to the OR, have the melanoma,
a wide excision of the melanoma, and then they will try to find the lymph node
that we marked and take that one out as well to make sure there's no metastasis.
So I've done three of those this morning. I will read a few more scans coming up
here shortly and just trying to tie up some loose ends before I go to
conference. I'll check back in afterwards. Ah, the sun feels so good on the
face. I'm officially done. It is about 4:00 p.m. We get to head home early today
because we finished off the scans, and I'm gonna go home and work out because I
was too lazy to do it this morning because for some reason I was tired from
having a weekend off, which makes no sense. But I'm gonna go work out, cook
something for dinner and do this all over again tomorrow. We're on a different
rotation tomorrow so stay tuned to find out which one. Alright it is day two. It
is Tuesday and today I got pulled to ultrasound. Yes, I don't know why I got
pulled on today, but I did, so probably just sit in there, read some ultrasounds
and get out early. I need to film another YouTube video. Alright so I've been
here just crushing ultrasounds, and today I've been feeling a little under the
weather so I've been, like, yeah, I've been like crushing these all day today
and then I'll show you what else I've been. I picked these up when I was in
Amsterdam for ... I got sick when I was on Croatia for vacation. I have no idea
what it says, but I think they're cough drops, so if anybody knows what this
says let me know. But I'm pretty sure it's just cough drops with some vitamin C
in it. So this is what I have been doing all day is crushing ultrasounds and
having Dutch cough drops. So if anybody speaks Dutch tell me what that means. Oh
and PS, I usually try to avoid taking medicines that I can't read the name of
but I had someone help me at the pharmacy in the airport. She spoke a little bit
of English and I think those are actually cough drops, so, that's the only
reason I'm still eating them today. You can tell by my voice it's a little on
the sore side today so hopefully I get better because, I haven't told you guys
yet, but I'm going somewhere this weekend and it's gonna be fun. Now it's time
to get back to work. So I'm officially going home right now. Yeah, normally I
would go home and work out, especially since it's, like, a beautiful day I would
probably go running. But since I feel kind of crappy today I'm just going to go
home, hang out, rest (ambulance was a little loud sorry). So I'm probably just
gonna go home and rest and I have to get my hair cut today for my big trip
coming up. But you still don't know where I'm going. But yeah that's pretty much
it, hope you guys don't mind this kind of like random vlog that I'm doing, but I
just wanted to show you guys kind of loosely like how a week is and the life of
a radiology resident. So hopefully you guys find it somewhat interesting, and if
you do I'll keep doing it. So heading home now. 

Athens (Greek: Αθήνα, Athína), is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan
population of 3.7 million inhabitants. It is in many ways the birthplace of
Classical Greece, and therefore of Western civilization. 

Understand 

Old Athens 

The first pre-historic settlements was constructed in 3000 BC around the hill of
Acropolis. The legend says that the King of Athens, Theseus unified the ten
tribes of early Athens into one kingdom (c. 1230 BC). This process of
synoikismos – bringing together in one home – created the largest and wealthiest
state on the Greek mainland, but it also created a larger class of people
excluded from political life by the nobility. By the 7th century BC, social
unrest had become widespread, and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a
strict new law code (hence "draconian"). When this failed, they appointed Solon,
with a mandate to create a new constitution (594). This was the great beginning
of a new social revolution, which was the result of the democracy under
Clisthenes (508 BC). During the Middle Ages, Athens experienced a decline, but
re-emerged under Byzantian rule. Athens was thriving and prosperous during the
Crusades, actually benefiting from the Italian trade during this period.
However, this fruitful period was short-lived, as Greece suffered badly under
the Ottoman Empire, only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of
independent Greece. 

Modern Olympic Games 

Athens hosted the 2004 Summer Olympic Games. While most of the sporting venues
were located outside the city proper - in various locations throughout Attica -
the entire urban area of Athens underwent major lasting changes that have
improved the quality of life for visitors and residents alike. Aside from the
excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004
Olympics (from new freeways to light rail systems), the city's historic center
underwent serious renovation. Most notable among the city's facelift projects
are the Unification of Archaeological Sites - which connects the city's
classical - era ruins and monuments to each other through a network of pleasant
pedestrianized streets - and the restoration of the picturesque neoclassical
Thissio and Pláka districts. 

The ancient Olympic Games took place in Olympia from 776 BCE to 394 AD. It is a
lengthy day trip from Athens to visit Olympia, but quite interesting. 

Architecture 

Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to
serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State. Although it had a
prestigious past, the city's political, economic, and cultural importance had
declined over the centuries, leaving behind only its classical ruins as a
reminder of better times. With the decision to move the national capital from
Nafplio to Athens, architects and city planners were hired to build a new city
next to the classical ruins, with grand neoclassical homes and public buildings,
large city squares, green spaces, and wide avenues, making a conscious, decisive
turn from the city's Ottoman past. The city regained its importance in Greek
civilization, and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city,
with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation's past. 

The 20th century however, marked the rapid development of Athens. The city
suffered minor damage during WWII, and suffered extensive urban planning in the
decades that followed, as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized. In
the 1960s and 1970s, many 19th century neoclassical buildings, often small and
private, were demolished to make way for office buildings, often designed by
great Greek architects. The city also expanded outward through rash development,
particularly towards the west, as its population grew by absorbing job-seekers
from the provinces. With the onset of the automobile, public officials reduced
the city's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic
gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s. 

By the late 1980s and early 1990s, the city's reality led to a rude awakening
among local and national officials and, coupled with the country's new found
remarkable prosperity, large scale projects began to slowly regenerate the city
and undo some of the damages of recent decades. Over the course of the next 15
years, money was poured into new transportation infrastructure projects, the
restoration of surviving neoclassical buildings, the gentrification of the
city's historical center and the renovation of many former industrial areas and
the city's coastline. The restoration of charming neoclassical buildings in the
city's historical center has been accompanied by the construction of attractive
post-modern buildings in newer districts; both of which have begun to improve
the aesthetic essence of the city. Athens today is ever evolving, forging a
brand new identity for the 21st century. 

Climate 

Spring and late autumn are the best times to visit Athens. Summer can be
extremely hot and dry during heatwaves, but this rarely happens. Winter is
definitely low season, with the occasional rainy or snowy day, but also an ideal
time to save money while enjoying the city without countless other travelers and
tourists. 

Whilst peak traffic hour can be a bit smoggy on the main roads, on most sunny
days the skies are azure blue. The main reason attributed for the pollution of
Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not
let the smog leave. The government's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and
the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to
better atmospheric conditions in the basin. 

Coron 

Coron is in the province of Palawan, Philippines on Busuanga Island. It is the
largest town on the island and has the largest share of accommodations. 

Background 

Coron is both the name of the largest town on the island of Busuanga, and the
name of a different, smaller island just offshore. The area is famous for its
World War II wreck diving, and the site has been named in many lists of top dive
spots in the world. In September 1944, a fleet of Japanese ships hiding in the
harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy. The result is around ten well
preserved underwater shipwrecks surrounded with coral reef. 

There are also attractions on Coron Island itself. There are many beautiful
white sand beaches, mostly tiny and surrounded by large limestone cliffs and
wildlife. Barracuda and Kayangan lakes are both stunning locations, and good for
snorkeling, and the island is the ancestral domain of an indigenous tribe who
are managing the island in a sustainable way and keeping outsiders at a distance
and offshore at night. 

History 

The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas who belong to the second wave
of Indonesians who migrated to this area some 5,000 years ago. They were a
nomadic, seafaring people, living mainly by fishing and subsistence agriculture.
Although they are now sedentary (with the young using cell phones, etc.), they
maintain many of their old customs, traditions and beliefs. Today, the Tagbanuas
remain the dominant if not entire population of Coron. 

In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town was
officially changed from Penon de Coron to Coron. 

From 1939 to the outbreak of World War II, the municipality experienced the
mining boom. Labor shifted from farming to mining. In July 1942 the Japanese
occupied the mining camps and resumed operation of the manganese mines. On
September 24, 1944, a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in
Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay. To this day, about 10 or 12
of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the
best dive sites in the world. 

In 1947, large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron, and the town
experienced another boom, a fishing boom. The population increased, as many
people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners. 

On June 17, 1950, Busuanga was officially created as a separate municipality
from Coron and in 1954, Coron was further reduced by the official creation of
the Municipality of Linapacan. On September 12, 1992, Coron was finally reduced
by the official creation of the Municipality of Culion. 

In the past, Coron was virtually unknown outside of Palawan. It remains a small,
quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it
is growing, slowly but steadily, Coron has taken an important position in the
tourism industry. In the past decade, there has been a rapid influx of scuba
divers and other tourists coming in, making tourism the major industry player in
Coron today. 

How to Tell a Joke 

Two Parts: Getting the Material Right Getting the Delivery Right 

From one-liners to classic three-liners to the one-minute gag you tell your
friends, a good joke pleases everyone. Joke-telling is one of the best ways to
ease tension, make a new friend, or light up a room. That is, of course, if you
can get a laugh. Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some
people, but for others it takes practice and hard work. 

Part 1 of 2: Getting the Material Right 

Know your audience. All aspects of the joke you tell, from the content to the
length, need to be suited to your audience. What’s funny to a group of 20-year
old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old -
uncle laugh (then again, maybe not). 

Everyone’s an individual, so there are no hard and fast rules. But, unless you
personally know the members of your audience, here are some good rules of thumb
to follow: elderly people won’t like crude jokes; stay away from misogynist
jokes if you’ve got an audience full of women; people of a specific ethnic or
racial group won’t enjoy jokes making fun of their group; and jokes requiring
specialized knowledge (of, for example, science or old movies) will only be
appreciated by people who possess that knowledge. 

The more you know about your audience the better you’ll be able to tailor your
jokes to them. 

Choose great material. You can find fodder lots of places — from your life, joke
files online, by repurposing jokes you’ve heard in the past, and so on. 

You may want to start your own joke file. You can write your jokes down on index
cards to keep them handy or use a document file on your computer. [1] The latter
option may allow for easier revision. 

Decide on a target. Every joke has a “target,” which is what the joke is about.
It’s important that the joke’s target (the most basic element of your material)
be suited to your audience. Make sure it’s a target your audience will be
interested in and something they’re likely willing to laugh at. [2] 

For example, husbands are likely to laugh at jokes about wives and vice versa;
students will typically find jokes about school and teachers humorous. 

Have a realistic but exaggerated setup. The opening of the joke — or setup —
should have a basis in the real world so your audience can relate to it, but it
should also include exaggeration because this is what gives a joke its humorous
edge. [3] 

Think of the setup as the foundation of a story. It’s a fundamental part of the
joke; if you don’t lay a good foundation here, then the punchline won’t make
sense to the audience or they won’t find it humorous. 

Your setup needs to be both realistic and exaggerated in order to be funny —
it’s placing these two incongruous elements side by side that makes the joke
funny. [4] 

The exaggeration can be slight or considerable — it just depends on the
individual joke. 

Surprise with the punchline. The ending of the joke is obviously crucial. This
is where the payoff comes in, what makes the joke succeed or fail. If you want
to make the audience laugh, your punchline needs to be surprising. 

Some jokes also have what is called a tag or topper, which is an additional
punchline. The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a
surprising way. 

Make the joke your own. Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they
retell a story countless other jokes have told. For your joke to be funny, it
has to surprise the audience in some way, which means it has to seem original or
new. 

One way to personalize a joke is to change the ending. [5] 

Another option is to dress the joke up as a story about your own life. This will
make a familiar joke unrecognizable. It may also make it particularly
interesting if your audience is your friend(s). [6] 

Know your material. Practicing your joke is crucial. You don’t need to have it
completely memorized — in fact, you "shouldn’t" memorize it — but you need to be
really comfortable with it, so comfortable that you can continue on with telling
it even if you get nervous or sidetracked, which is very possible once you’re in
front of an audience. 

Memorized jokes sound wooden, like they are being read off a script instead of
relayed by a friend or entertainer. 

Good jokes have a lot of details and personality, so don’t be afraid to
embellish. [7] Try different things out and see what feels right, what sounds
best. Don’t use a joke until you’re completely comfortable with it. 

Try recording your joke on a tape player and playing it back to yourself. If you
hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s, your joke isn’t ready and you
need to practice more. [8] You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic
friend or family member once you’re ready for a “real” audience. 

How to Wash Overalls in a Washing Machine 

Whether you are a working man or just a little cutie trying to stay cute, those
overalls are going to need washing sooner or later. The straps on adults’
overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used
an old fashioned washboard instead. Your appliances are also murder on the
straps, which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls.
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear, extending the life
of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed. 

Steps 

Wash alone or with "like" clothing. It’s best to wash adults’ overalls alone,
especially men’s. However, it is okay to wash just a few items with them, like
blue jeans. What you don’t want to wash with them is anything that can get
twisted up with the straps, like women’s long sleeve shirts or kids’ blankets.
Think similar clothing, minus the twisty-ness. Just do the denim and canvas
stuff together. 

Fasten the straps to the bib. If you didn’t know already, the bib is the top
front part with the breast pockets. Go ahead and fasten both straps before you
wash. This will help keep them from twisting up during the wash. 

Use twist ties to keep the straps fastened. This step will reapportion years of
your life in the long run. Don’t skip it. Take the 20 seconds to use a couple
twist ties on the fasteners to make sure they don’t come loose. If your washing
machine is worth its salt, it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them
in a sheet bend unless you prevent it. All it takes is two twist ties and a few
seconds of patience. 

Empty the pockets. Overalls have more pockets than pants. The bib has a wallet
pocket and a watch pocket. Kids put rocks, candy, and bugs in these. Men put
cell phones and small tools in them. Women defy the laws of purse-space, so when
it comes to bib pockets, the sky is the limit. Make sure all the pockets are
empty. 

Move the strap adjusters around. You’ve probably got them just the way you like
them, but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally, the
straps will last longer. Depending on the adjusters, you may be able to leave
them a little loose too. The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over
the course of numerous wash and dry cycles (not to mention being out in the
elements if they are work clothes). Moving them distributes the wear and tear of
washing. This is the same idea as rotating tires. You know about rotating your
tires, don't you? 

Tips 

If you wash your overalls alone or in a light load, use about half the detergent
called for and less water. 

Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the
dryer. This will cut down on some of the racket, but you're still going to hear
them. 

Warnings 

The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little, but the dryer filter screen
will catch the fallout. 

Plastic-type twist ties will hold up in the wash, but may or may not melt in
your dryer. Use with caution. 
