Aesthetic Appreciation and Spanish Art: Insights from Eye-Tracking 

Claire Bailey-Ross claire.bailey-ross@port.ac.uk University of Portsmouth,
United Kingdom Andrew Beresford a.m.beresford@durham.ac.uk Durham University,
United Kingdom Daniel Smith daniel.smith2@durham.ac.uk Durham University, United
Kingdom Claire Warwick c.l.h.warwick@durham.ac.uk Durham University, United
Kingdom 

How do people look at and experience art? Which elements of specific artworks do
they focus on? Do museum labels have an impact on how people look at artworks?
The viewing experience of art is a complex one, involving issues of perception,
attention, memory, decision-making, affect, and emotion. Thus, the time it takes
and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance,
interestingness, and even its aesthetic appeal. This paper describes a
collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century
Zurbarán paintings. The Jacob cycle at Auckland Castle is the only UK example of
a continental collection preserved in situ in purpose-built surroundings. While
studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and
distinctions between representative / non-representative topics, no work has
been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional
themes. In this paper, we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques
have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of
Zurbarán artworks. The purpose of this pilot study was to assess the effects of
different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks. We will
discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our understanding of
visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice. The project brings together
established research strengths in Spanish art history, experimental psychology,
digital humanities, and museum studies to explore, using eye-tracking
techniques, aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual
Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole. 

Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and
affective processes; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork.
When regarding an artwork, a viewer gathers information through a series
fixations, interspersed by rapid movements of the eye called saccades. The
direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the
observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene
(e.g. colour, texture, brightness etc). Importantly, studying eye movements
offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ beliefs, memories or
subjective impressions of the artwork. Previous eye tracking research has
highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing
in the arts (see for example Brieber 2014; Binderman et al., 2005) and at the
same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum
visit (Filippini Fantoni et al., 2013; Heidenreich & Turano 2011; Milekic 2010).
Zurbarán’s cycle of Jacob and his Sons has been on display in the Long Room at
Auckland Castle for over 250 years. It is the only cycle to be preserved in
purpose-built surroundings in the UK, and one of very few of its kind in the
world. It has a long history in scholarship (Baron & Beresford 2014), but many
key aspects of its production and significance have not yet been fully
understood. In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring
audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham,
of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks (there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks,
the 13th Benjamin, is a copy by Arthur Pond) are a key part of, to investigate
the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art, how aesthetic experience is
evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different
ways. This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually
explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has
to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at
the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a
museum visit, namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor
visual behaviour. 

1 Introduction 

Tenured and tenure-track university faculty play a special role in determining
the speed and direction of scientific progress, both directly through their
research and indirectly through their training of new researchers. Past studies
establish that each of these efforts is strongly and positively influenced
through various forms of faculty diversity, including ethnic, racial, and gender
diversity. As an example, research shows that greater diversity within a
community or group can lead to improved critical thinking [1] and more creative
solutions to complex tasks [2, 3] by pairing together individuals with unique
skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of
their peers. Additionally, diversity has been shown to produce more supportive
social climates and effective learning environments [4], which can facilitate
the mentoring of young scientists. Despite these positive effects, however,
quantifying the impact of diversity in science remains exceedingly difficult,
due in large part to a lack of comprehensive data about the scientific
workforce. 

Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce, particularly
in a rapidly expanding field like computer science, is a crucial first step
toward understanding how scholarly research is conducted and how it might be
enhanced. For many scientific fields, however, there is no central listing of
all tenure-track faculty, making it difficult to define a rigorous sample frame
for analysis. Further, rates of adoption of services like GoogleScholar and
ResearchGate vary within, and across disciplines. For instance, gender
representation in computing is an important issue with broad implications [5],
but without a full census of computing faculty, the degree of inequality and its
possible sources are difficult to establish [6]. Some disciplines, like
political science, are organized around a single professional society, whose
membership roll approximates a full census [7]. Most fields, on the other hand,
including computer science, lack a single all-encompassing organization and
membership information is instead distributed across many disjoint lists, such
as web-based faculty directories for individual departments. 

Because assembling such a full census is difficult, past studies have tended to
avoid this task and have instead used samples of researchers [8 – 11], usually
specific to a particular field [12 – 16], and often focused on the scientific
elite [17, 18]. Although useful, such samples are not representative of the
scientific workforce as a whole and thus have limited generalizability. One of
the largest census efforts to date assembled, by hand, a nearly complete record
of three academic fields: computer science, history, and business [19]. This
data set has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty
training, placement, and scholarly productivity [6, 19, 20]. But, this data set
is only a single snapshot of an evolving and expanding system and hence offers
few insights into the changing composition and diversity trends within these
academic fields. 

In some fields, yearly data on faculty numbers and composition are available in
aggregate. In computer science, the Computing Research Association (CRA)
documents trends in the employment of PhD recipients through the annual Taulbee
survey of computing departments in North America
(cra.org/resources/taulbee-survey). Such surveys can provide valuable insight
into trends and summary statistics on the scientific workforce but suffer from
two key weaknesses. First, surveys are subject to variable response rates and
the misinterpretation of questions or sample frames, which can inject bias into
fine-grained analyses [21, 22]. Second, aggregate information provides only a
high-level view of a field, which can make it difficult to investigate causality
[23]. For example, differences in recruitment and retention strategies across
departments will be washed out by averaging, thereby masking any insights into
the efficacy of individual strategies and policies. 

Here, we present a novel system, based on a topical web crawler, that can
quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using
digital data available on the public World Wide Web. This system is efficient
and accurate, and it can be adapted to any academic discipline and used for
continuous collection. The system is capable of collecting census data for an
entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing
hardware, a vast improvement over the roughly 1600 hours required to do this
task by hand [19]. By assembling an accurate census of an entire field from
online information alone, this system will facilitate new research on the
composition of academic fields by providing access to complete faculty listings,
without having to rely on surveys or professional societies. This system can
also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s composition changes
over time, which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of
policies meant to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty.
Finally, applied to many academic fields in parallel, the system can elucidate
scientists’ movement between different disciplines and relate those labor flows
to scientific advances. In short, many important research questions will benefit
from the availability of accurate and frequently-recollected census data. 

Our study is organized as follows. We begin by detailing the design and
implementation of our web crawler framework. Next, we present the results of our
work in two sections. The first demonstrates the validity and utility of the
crawler by collecting census data for the field of computer science and
comparing it to a hand-curated census, collected in 2011 [19]. The second
provides an example of the type of research enabled by our system and uses the
2011 and 2017 censuses to investigate the “leaky pipeline” problem in faculty
retention. 

Distant Rhythm: Automatic Enjambment Detection on Four Centuries of Spanish
Sonnets 

Pablo Ruiz Fabo 

pabloruizfabo@gmail.com 

Lattice Lab, CNRS, France 

Clara Martínez Cantón 

cimartinez@flog.uned.es 

Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia, Spain 

Thierry Poibeau 

thierry.poibeau@ens.fr 

Lattice Lab, CNRS, France 

Introduction 

Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of
poetry (Domínguez Caparrós, 2000: 103), giving rise to different stylistic
effects (e.g. increased emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase, or
contrast between those elements), or creating double interpretations for the
enjambed lines (García-Paje, 1991). 

In Spanish poetry, the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes
place have been described extensively, and detailed studies on the use of
enjambment by individual authors exist (see Martínez Cantón, 2011 for an
overview) including, among others Quilis (1964), Domínguez Caparrós, (2000),
Paraíso, (2000), Spang (1983) for a description of enjambment, and Alarcos
(1966), Senabre (1982), Luján (2006), Martínez Fernández (2010) for case-studies
on a single author. However, a larger-scale study to identify enjambment across
hundreds of authors spanning several centuries, enabling distant reading
(Moretti, 2013), was not previously available. 

Given that need, we have developed software, based on Natural Language
Processing, that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish, and applied it
to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors, from the 15th to the
19th century. What is the interest of such large-scale automatic analyses of
enjambment? First, the literature shows a debate about which specific syntactic
units can be considered to trigger enjambment, if split across two lines, and
whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment.
Second, the stylistic effects that enjambment permits are also an object of
current research (Martínez Fernández, 2010). Systematically collecting large
amounts of enjambment examples provides helpful evidence to assess scholars’
current claims, and may stimulate novel analyses. Finally, our study complements
Navarro’s (2016) automatic metrical analyses of Spanish Golden Age sonnets, by
covering a wider period and focusing on enjambment. 

The abstract is structured thus: First we provide the definition of enjambment
adopted. Then, our corpus and system are described, followed by an evaluation of
the system. Finally, findings on enjambment in our diachronic sonnet corpus are
discussed. The project’s website provides details omitted here for space
reasons, including samples for the corpus, results, and other details. 

Enjambment in Spanish 

Syntactic and metrical units often match in poetry. However, this trend has been
broken since antiquity for various reasons (Parry (1929) on Homer, or Flores
Gómez (1988) on early classical poetry). 

In Spanish tradition, enjambment (in Spanish, "encabalgamiento") is considered
to take place when a pause suggested by poetic form (e.g. at the end of a line
or across hemistichs) occurs between strongly connected lexical or syntactic
units, triggering an unnatural cut between those units. 

Quilis (1964) performed poetry reading experiments, proposing that the following
strongly connected elements give rise to enjambment, should a poetic-form pause
break them up: 

Lexical enjambment: Breaking up a word. We translated "lexical enjambment" from
Quilis’s terms "encabalgamiento léxico" or "tmesis". 

Phrase-bounded enjambment: Within a phrase, breaking up sequences like "noun +
adjective", "verb + adverb", "auxiliary verb + main verb", among others. We
translated "phrase-bounded enjambment" from "encabalgamiento sirremático". 

Cross-clause enjambment: Between a noun antecedent and the pronoun heading the
relative clause that complements the antecedent. We translated "cross-clause
enjambment" from Quilis’s "encabalgamiento oracional". 

The project site includes Quilis’s complete list of syntactic environments that
can trigger enjambment, as well as the types identified by our system. Besides
the enjambment types above, Spang (1983) noted that if a subject or direct
object and their related verbs occur in two different lines of poetry, this can
also feel unusual for a reader, even if the effect is less pronounced than in
the environments identified by Quilis. To differentiate these cases from
enjambment proper, Spang calls these cases "enlace", translated here as
"expansion". 

Quilis (1964) was the only author so far to gather recitation-based experimental
evidence on enjambment. His typology is still considered current, and was
adopted by later authors, although complementary enjambment typologies have been
proposed, as Martínez Cantón (2011) reviews. Our system identifies Quilis’
types, besides Spang’s expansion cases. 

Epistemic pollution 

Agents can rationally choose between experts only if the criteria that
distinguish genuine experts from charlatans are common sense or widely known: if
agents are to satisfy the epistemic conditions on responsibility, they must know
what kinds of knowledge they must utilize to guide their selection of sources
(on pain of infinite regress). In fact, many, if not all, the markers of
expertise identified by philosophers enjoy widespread recognition. The fact that
these criteria are widely known, however, offers an opportunity to those who
would use them for deception, witting or unwitting. Since expertise must be
assessed through indirect markers, to mimic the markers of expertise is to mimic
expertise [17]. We live in an epistemic environment that is heavily and
deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a means of
inflating their pretense to expertise. This fact, together with the fact that
such deception is widely known to occur, reduces ordinary people’s trust in
expert authority and diminishes their capacity to distinguish reliable from
unreliable sources. 

For instance, those with an interest in deceiving the general public may set up
parallel institutions that ostensibly guarantee expertise, taking advantage of
the ways in which these parallel institutions mimic legitimate institutions to
ensure that people are taken in. There are some egregious examples of this
practice in the field of health care. For example, a small number of doctors set
up the American College of Pediatricians (ACPeds) to advocate socially
conservative viewpoints related to child health care. Such an organization is
surely permissible, but it has had the unfortunate (and likely intended) effect
of muddying debates in the public forum by misleading people into thinking that
the college speaks for the pediatric profession at large. Thus, when ACPeds
issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [21], many
people mistook the organization’s political beliefs for the consensus view among
United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric workers, the
American Academy of Pediatrics, has a much more positive view of gender
dysphoria [22]. Insofar as the larger organization, with a broader membership
base, can be expected to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher
degree of expertise, it is reasonable to give its views greater weight than
those of the smaller organization. When ACPeds allows or encourages the
impression that it speaks for the profession, it introduces an epistemic
pollutant. 

A yet more egregious example of such pollution involved collaborative efforts by
pharmaceutical companies and the publishing giant Elsevier to produce
publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the
companies’ commercial products [23]. The companies hoped to leverage the
prestige of Elsevier with these fake journals to endow their promotional
“research” with an air of reliability. When the deceit was uncovered, however,
the effect was just the opposite: the legitimacy of the published findings was
not enhanced through their publication by Elsevier, but rather the legitimacy of
Elsevier’s publications — and, by extension, all academic journals — was
diminished through their dissemination of deceptive and commercially interested
research. 

More recently, institutions of academic expertise have been subject to a large
and growing outbreak of so-called predatory journals — journals that will
publish almost anything for a fee. Once again, this phenomenon has the effect of
making peer-reviewed journals appear less legitimate. At times, even those who
work in academia may be unsure of a particular journal’s legitimacy, and there
are genuine borderline cases. For example, the Frontiers contingent of journals
appears legitimate — at least to me — despite the fact that authors are expected
to pay a publication fee. 8 Yet some Frontiers journals appear to have engaged
in bad behavior, whether for profit or for some other motive. Frontiers in
Public Health controversially published articles linking vaccines and autism
[24] and questioning the link between HIV and AIDS [25]. Whether due to this
behavior or not, Jeffrey Beall decided to add the publisher to his influential
(but now sadly unavailable) list of questionable journals [26]. The controversy
surrounding Beall’s decision indicates how difficult it is to make such
judgments — even for professionals. If academics with expertise in relevant
fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular
publishers are legitimate, one cannot reasonably expect ordinary people to make
such judgments. If their confidence in scientific findings is lowered across the
board as the result of such epistemic pollution, one can hardly blame them. 

Since conflicts of interest are a reason to discount expertise, it is incumbent
on me to note that I have published in Frontiers journals on several occasions.
Epistemic pollution may stem not only from counterfeit institutions of knowledge
production but also from bad behavior by legitimate institutions. 9 For example,
pollution may result from attempts to game the systems put in place to track
expertise. Consider institutions with a credentialing function, such as
universities, bar associations, or peer review bodies. These institutions do not
exist solely to credential experts. They have other functions, and these
functions may come into conflict, creating pressures to inflate credentials. For
example, universities have a financial incentive to inflate the expertise of
their academic staff, thereby increasing their rankings, bringing in grant
money, and attracting students. Systems that assess expertise can be
manipulated, and many cases of such manipulation exist — take the recent example
by the University of Malaysia, which attempted to boost metrics by urging its
faculty to cite one another [28]. For this reason, institutions may also be slow
to investigate accusations of fraud, and they may try to keep their discoveries
in-house to protect their reputations. 

The Use of Cognitive Digital Games in School: Contributions to Attention 

Daniela Karine Ramos dadaniela@gmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin
Bruna Anastacio brunaanastacio@hotmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin

Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human
cognition, while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts, fun
and cognition, for the improvement of cognitive functions. The attention is the
main point made in this study, since it is fundamental to the learning process
and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools. 

With respect to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive
processes, researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence
on improving the performance related to basic visual skills (Li, Polat, Scalzo,
& Bavelier, 2010); on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously (Dye &
Bavelier, 2010; Feng, Spence, & Pratt, 2007); and on the ability to do more than
one task at the same time (Boot, Kramer, Simons, Fabiani, & Gratton, 2008).
Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school
context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's
attention span at preschool age (Rueda, Checa, & Cómbita, 2012), to improve
overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children (Miller & Robertson,
2010), and to better performance of working memory ability (Klingberg et al.,
2005; Thorell, Lindqvist, Nutley, Bohlin, & Klingberg, 2009). 

Considering the importance of the proper functioning of attention, because of
its involvement in the regulation of thoughts and emotions, maintaining the
performance of this process is very important, especially in school, where the
child must acquire content in an environment full of countless distractors. The
study in question focuses on the attention, proposing and evaluation in the
context of the classroom. Thus, it suggests the use of digital games in an
integrated way the school activities in the classroom. The games have features
like increasing challenges, rules that establish what can and cannot be done,
and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game
(Kirriemuir & McFarlane, 2004; Prensky, 2005). We aim to investigate the
contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to
a database, of the Escola do Cérebro, for monitoring and improvement of
cognitive skills, highlighting the attention. The games involve challenges and
rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions, especially the working
memory, attention and capacity of solving problems. 

The study combines qualitative and quantitative approaches. It collects the data
based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews
conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions
of digital games’ contributions to the learning process. Furthermore, before and
after the implementation of the intervention, we performed a D2 Test of
attention that measures selective and sustained attention, as well as visual
scanning accuracy and speed. 

The intervention consisted in the use of the Escola do Cérebro, using tablets in
the classroom, daily for a period of five weeks. The sample consisted of 71
students of the Application School of Basic Education, Federal University of
Santa Catarina, aged 7 and 9 years old (M = 7.64 ± 1.12), which were divided
into two groups: participant and control. The first (n = 31) participated in the
intervention, the control group (n = 40) was only evaluated using the test
before and after the same time interval of interventions. 

The Escola do Cérebro is a platform that integrates seven digital games into a
database. The application allows visualization of the player's performance and
offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers. Students have their scores
measured by four variables: time, speed, stability and accuracy. 

A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired
t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and
after the intervention in the two groups. The difference in the results obtained
from the application of D2 Test of attention before and after was statistically
significant (p < 0.05), the participant group had mean and standard deviation
60.23 (64.75) respectively, while the control group was 20.00 (42.65). 

The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained
attention in the test, as well as a high dispersion, which reveals a variation
in relation to the performance. In addition, students participating in the
interview reported a preference for games that involve problem solving,
recognize the need to plan actions in relation to their importance for the game
and for daily activities, and realize improvements in the ability to sustain
attention. The teachers observed changes after the intervention, emphasizing the
greater persistence and involvement in school activities, and in some students,
improvement in the ability to sustain attention. From this, we conclude that an
intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the
learning process and improvement of sustained attention. 

Introduction 

A fundamental tenet of linguistic science is that the sound of a word has a
purely arbitrary connection to the word's meaning [1], [2]. Thus, the sound of
the word dog in English is connected to the concept ‘dog’ by historical accident
and not by any natural connection; roughly the same concept is just as well
denoted in French by chien, in German by hund, and in Japanese by inu. But it is
not that a word can have just any vocal sound. While the possibility space for
sound systems of the world's language is enormous, any given language makes use
of only a restricted portion of the possible sounds [3], [4]. It follows from
these two basic principles – the ‘arbitrariness of the sign’, and the
‘selectiveness of particular sound systems’ – that the words that exist in the
world's languages should sound quite different from each other, and that the
likelihood that there are universal words is extremely small. But in this study
we present a striking exception to this otherwise robust rule. From a systematic
comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence suggesting
that a word like ‘Huh?’ – used as a ‘repair initiator’ when, for example, one
has not clearly heard what someone just said [5], [6] – is a universal word. 

There are two distinct claims being made here: 1. that Huh? is universal, and 2.
that Huh? is a word. In support of the first claim, we show that the
similarities in form and function of an interjection with the specific function
of repair initiation are very much greater across languages than chance
coincidence would admit. In fact the variation in form in unrelated languages
across the globe is about the same as the variation we find in the way any
regular word (e.g., dog) is pronounced across dialects of English. In support of
the second claim, we show that Huh? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of
being a conventional lexical sign which must be learnt. Thus, in contrast to
what has been presumed for interjections in general [7], [8] and for huh? in
particular [9], [10], we find that this item is linguistic in nature rather than
being a mere grunt or non-lexical sound. We show that the form is locally
calibrated in ways that show it fitting within different language systems. Huh?
may be a non-prototypical word, but it is a word. 

Finally, we address the question of why all languages should have such a word
and why its form should be so similar across languages. We observe that this
item fulfils a crucial need shared by all languages – the efficient signalling
of problems of hearing and understanding – and we propose that its form is
constrained by selective pressures in a conversational environment that is
essentially the same in all languages. Consider a case from English [10]: 

Extract 1 American English [NB, 1:1:19] 

After speaker G makes a statement, speaker E utters the interjection huh?. This
is followed by a repetition of the original statement by G. The technical term
for this type of sequence is “open other-initiated repair”: repair is initiated
not by the speaker of the first turn but by the other participant
(“other-initiated”), and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem,
but it leaves open what the problem is (“open”) [11]. The actual repair
operation in response to this interjection is usually simply repetition,
sometimes with slight modification. Extracts 2 and 3 show structurally identical
sequences in two other languages: Siwu, a Kwa language spoken in Ghana, and Lao,
a Tai-Kadai language spoken in Laos. 

Extract 2 Siwu (Ghana) [Maize1_1017013] 

Extract 3 Lao (Laos) [CONV_050815c_03.10] 

These examples show that it is possible to identify the same conversational
structure in unrelated languages. Essentially, this method gives us a natural
control over conversational data, making possible systematic comparison across
languages [12], [13]. Sequences of other-initiated repair have been identified
in every spoken language investigated so far [14], [15], and as the examples
show, the interjection in the pivotal turn can be remarkably similar. This leads
to the question driving our study: is huh? in this context a universal word? 

By compiling data from published literature we found that in thirty-one
languages around the world, the interjection for other-initiated repair appears
to be strongly similar (Figure 1). However, written sources are rarely explicit
about the precise form, meaning, and use of interjections. The most reliable way
to study a conversational interjection is by examining cases of actual use.
Therefore we collected data from recordings of naturally occurring informal
conversations in a sample of 10 languages from 5 continents, varying
fundamentally in terms of phonology, word structure, and grammar (languages 1–10
in Figure 1). For optimal comparability, we studied the exact same
conversational environment across languages: that of other-initiated repair
(OIR), in which one participant produces a turn at talk, the other then signals
some trouble with this turn, and finally the first produces a next turn which
aims to solve the trouble, usually by means of repetition and/or modification.
In some languages the interjection, or an item similar to it, was also found in
other sequential environments, for instance to mark surprise or to pursue a
response. Such alternative (and probably derived) uses provide insight in
possible paths of semantic change, but we exclude them here to make sure we are
comparing like with like. 

4. Discussion. 

We hypothesized that the children, who were over the age of six at the time of
collection, would have adult-like SI interpretations. We expected that the use
of a training session and then the format of the question would guide
participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over providing truth value
judgments, and would result in adult-like interpretations. Further, we posited
that if our initial hypothesis was not supported, and in fact there was some
non-adult-like performance, that there would be significant variability among
the conditions, with cardinal numbers having the highest performance and some
the weakest. On the surface, it does seem as if there is variability and perhaps
a larger sample size or more items could lead to a significant finding (see
limitations below), but at least for this study, the only significant finding
was the difference between cardinal numbers and some. Significant differences
were not observed between all and cardinal numbers or all and some. 

4.1. LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS. 

This study is limited in its power and generalizability. It serves as a reminder
of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in
particular and acquisition more generally. Bantu languages are not included in
studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this
linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them. Future studies need
to include more participants and more items to increase power. Future studies
should also include a larger age range of children to document the age at which
adult-like performance emerges. Related cross-cultural studies have resulted in
insufficient statistical power, but interesting trends (e.g., Nedwick, 2014).
Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are needed. 

In a future study, it is also important to consider if additional training in
the difference between reporting on felicity and truth value judgments would
impact results, or if more naturalistic experimental conditions (e.g.,
demonstrating actions using real objects instead of two-dimensional depictions)
would be beneficial. Previous studies in this region of sub-Saharan Africa have
found evidence of cultural differences in testing behavior (Hein, Reich, Marks,
Thuma, & Grigorenko, 2016). The current study is too small to make strong
conclusions with regard to cultural differences and experimental methods;
however, in the study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children
responded more or less frequently based on factors such as stimuli type. In the
current study, the responses from two children were not included because they
responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items.
More specifically, they answered “yes” that the puppet described the pictures
well. It is possible that these two children understood the task and really did
believe that the puppet did not produce any poor descriptions, and in this
regard, are not yet adult-like in their SI interpretations. This is unlikely as
they said that even the first training item was said well. It is also possible
though that these two children were attempting to please the data collectors, or
be polite, and that “yes” was in some ways a default answer to be provided when
having to respond verbally in a test context. 

Additional training with the methodology could improve outcomes. The puppets
used were picked specifically for this task with careful attention to their
appearance. Upon arrival at the school, however, it became clear that the
children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data
collection would be a novel experience for them. Further exploration with
greater cardinal number ranges could also prove interesting. Numbers through
five in the participating communities are most often expressed with native
Chitonga words while numbers greater than five are typically indicated using
English borrowings. The cardinal numbers included in this study were only one
through five in order to avoid additional item variability, but larger numbers
should be included in future research. 

5. Conclusion. 

Albeit limited, these results provide valuable insight into SI interpretation by
Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition
likely follows the order identified in previous research, but appears to be
completed at a later age in this language. This interesting combination of
findings – expected hierarchy of difficulty, but differing age of acquisition –
is an important addition to our growing cross-linguistic knowledge of SI and
could be the result of language-specific differences in the use of SI lexical
items or methodological differences. 

Utilization of busted CFL in developing cheap and efficient segmented compact
LED bulbs 

N S Andres and R T Ponce 

Electrical Engineering Department, Bataan Peninsula State University, 2100,
Balanga City Bataan, Philippines 

Abstract. Today’s generation will not survive a day without the help of
lighting. In fact, someone’s productivity, particularly at night, depends on the
presence of a good lighting and it seems that it is a daily necessity. Lighting
takes a large part on the consumption of household electrical energy
particularly in the Philippines. There are different type of lighting bulbs used
at home can affect the overall lighting consumption. Nowadays, most commonly and
widely used bulb in the household is the Compact Fluorescent Light (CFL).
However, the main problem of CFL is the mercury they contain. In addition to
this is the harmful effect of mercury such as Emission of UV Radiation. In
response to the said problem, this project study gives solution to the problem
of the society concerning environment, health and safety as well energy
conservation, by developing a segmented compact light-emitting diode (SCLED)
bulb from busted CFL that are efficient, economical, and does not contain toxic
chemicals. 

1. Introduction 

Based on the results of the 2011 Household Energy Consumption Survey (HECS),
electricity remains as the most common source of energy used by households
particularly in the Philippines. About 87 percent of 21.0 million households
used electricity from March to August 2011. As of 2016, the demand for
electricity in the residential is leading among the different sectors. It is
often grouped depending on its uses that are distributed for heating and
cooling, lighting, operating appliances etc [1] 

Figure 1. January-june 2016 philippine power demand 

Now that the world is in the age where lighting seems to be a daily necessity,
typical homes as shown in figure 1, consume nearly 27 percent of the energy used
today: making lighting as the major source of electricity consumption. Lighting
plays a large part on the consumption of household electrical energy; it
consumes about 18% of the total generated electricity of total energy
consumption in residential sectors as shown in figure 2 [2]. 

Figure 2. Estimated electricity use in residential sector 

One of the main factors in lighting energy consumption is the light bulb. The
use of correct and appropriate type of light bulb improves the efficiency of
energy usage. There are three general types of lighting that are widely used in
the household nowadays: the (light-emitting diode) LED bulb, (compact
fluorescent light) CFL bulb and the incandescent bulb. But each of them has
their perks and perils [3]. Unfortunately, most of the time, people in the
residential end up choosing a lamp based on it is price rather than its
efficiency and this cause us to pay for our lighting more than necessary. Today,
CFLs are the most used lighting sources in the household. Using CFLs will allow
people to decrease their energy consumption; also it is a good start to decrease
greenhouse emissions. However, the main problem of CFLs is the mercury they
contain. 

When products and wastes containing mercury are improperly disposed of, mercury
is released into the air, ground or water. It is persistent in the environment;
it never breaks down nor goes away. In addition to the harmful effects of
mercury is that it emits Ultraviolet (UV) Radiation. This UV radiation interacts
with the chemicals on the inside of the bulb to generate light. The acute and
chronic effects are the normal responses of the skin to UVR; acute reactions
considered will be erythema (sunburn) and vitamin D production. Skin aging and
skin cancer will be discussed as those reactions produced by prolonged or
repeated UVR exposure [4]. 

In response to the aforementioned situation where the three types of lights are
compared by their efficiency and effectiveness as light sources, the proponents
conducted this study. Since the CFLs are the most commonly used light bulbs in
the residential and has a great compatibility to LED in terms of design and
materials, the proponents conducted a study about innovating and recycling CFL
into a more efficient and environment friendly LED light bulb. 

Design of Mutation Operators for Testing Geographic Information Systems 

Suilen H. Alvarado Laboratorio de Bases de Datos Campus de Elviña, Centro de
investigación CITIC, Universidade da Coruña, 15071 A Coruña, Spain;
s.hernandez@udc.es Presented at the 2nd XoveTIC Congress, A Coruña, Spain, 5–6
September 2019. 

Abstract: In this article, we propose the definition of specific mutation
operators for testing Geographic Information Systems. We describe the process
for applying the operators and generating mutants, and present a case study
where these mutation operators are applied to two real-world applications. 

Keywords: mutation operators; geographic information systems; mutation testing 

1. Introduction 

Mutation-based testing [1] is a test technique that involves artificially
introducing errors into a System Under Test (SUT). A mutant is a copy of the
system in which a change has been done that, in most cases, will lead to a
behaviour different than expected. The different mutants are generated
automatically by the application of mutation operators. In the state of the art,
we have found mutation operators, both general purpose and specific to different
technologies, languages and paradigms [2–9]. However, these operators are not
adequate when trying to test software features associated with specific domains.
In this article, we propose mutation operators specific to the domain of
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) applications. These operators reproduce
programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type
of applications. In addition, we present the implementation of these operators
and as proof of concept we apply these operators to two real-world GIS
applications and we generate the mutants. 

2. Mutation Operators for GIS 

As a previous step to designing the mutation operators, we analyzed the main
technologies used specifically in the development of GIS, and we identified
typical errors a programmer can introduce during the development. These errors
were formalized into mutation operators. In order to apply these operators to a
SUT, we rely on Java reflection and aspect-oriented programming. Reflection
allows us to obtain the list of classes and methods of the SUT, so the user can
decide the methods to wish the operators will be applied. Later, we capture
information about the methods of the SUT to be mutated, together with the
information of the mutation operators that were already defined. From these
data, we generate the mutation operator, in the form of on aspect, which will
then be possible to interweave with the SUT which generates a mutant of the SUT.
Next, we describe the definition of two operators and two cases of application
on real-world GIS applications. 

ChangeCoordSys Operator (Listing 1): It exchanges the coordinate system of a
geometry, so it does not match the coordinate system that is being used in the
user interface. It simulates the error of not checking that the coordinate
system is correct. The error is introduced by directly modifying the coordinate
system of geometry when recovering the wrapping of the figure. 

Listing 1: A simplified definition of the ChangeCoordSys Operator. 

This operator was applied to a mobile technology GIS application. This
application allows registering places of interest for the user. These areas of
interest are called Geofences. A Geofence is determined by a geographical
location expressed in terms of latitude, longitude, and a radius around that
location. By creating a Geofence with an erroneous location from its central
location, the device will receive incorrect location notifications. As a result,
the user will see in the application’s map viewer the Geofences drawn in
erroneous zones (Figure 1). 

Figure 1. Original and mutant application. 

BooleanPolygonConstraint Operator (Listing 2): It introduces errors in the
processing of geometries, manipulating the result of the operations that carry
out the verification of different topological restrictions between geometries,
such as intersects, covers or overlap. 

Listing 2: A simplified definition of the BooleanPolygonConstraint Operator. 

To test this operator it was applied to a land reparcelling system. The
objective of the land reparcelling is to reunify the lands of an owner to
facilitate their exploitation. In this application, the result of the operation
between two polygons has been affected. This error causes the incorrect display
of the resulting geometry that should be drawn in the user interface after the
operation applied to the two initial geometries (Figure 2). 

Figure 2. Original and mutant application. 

3. Conclusions 

In existing proposals, we can find both generic and specific mutation operators.
However, these are not adequate to cover errors in particular domains. We have
defined new operators specific to the GIS domain and a way to apply them to a
SUT. In addition, we have tested the operators defined in two GIS applications.
As future work, we intend to extend this approach to other domains, as well as
to use the developed operators for the automatic improvement of sets of test
cases. 

Replication in Second Language Research: Narrative and Systematic Reviews and
Recommendations for the Field 

Replication studies are considered by many to play a fundamental role in any
scientific endeavor. When using the same materials and procedures as a previous
study, replication studies serve to test the reliability of the previous study’s
findings. When altering specific methodological or participant characteristics
of a previous study, they serve to test generalizability of the earlier findings
under different conditions. One indication of the importance of replication is
found in the 50 or more calls for replication research in the field of second
language (L2) research alone (see references for 50 calls and commentaries in
Appendix S1 in the Supporting Information online): from Santos (1989) through
Polio and Gass 1997 to very recent proposals for specific replication studies,
such as Vandergrift and Cross 2017 and even a book-length treatment (Porte,
2012). Beyond these calls, efforts to actively promote and facilitate
replication studies have also emerged. For example, the Instruments for Research
into Second Languages (IRIS) repository (http://www.irisdatabase.org) was
established in 2011 and holds, at the time of writing, over 3,800 materials that
can be used for replication, among other purposes, in L2 research (Marsden &
Mackey, 2014; Marsden, Mackey, & Plonsky, 2016). The Open Science Framework
(https://osf.io), also established in 2011, provides a web infrastructure to
facilitate collaboration and has been used for large replication efforts in
psychology (e.g., Open Science Collaboration, 2015), which continue to make
waves in academia (Laws, 2016; Lindsay, 2015; Martin & Clarke, 2017) and the
general media (Baker, 2015; Devlin, 2016). In some fields, a flourishing
metascience, that is, the scientific study of science (see Munafò et al., 2017),
has included syntheses assessing the quantity and nature of replication efforts,
for example, in education (Makel & Plucker, 2014 and in psychology (Makel et
al., 2012). 

The driving force behind this battery of calls, commentaries, infrastructure,
and metascience is a perceived crisis in the state of replication research. The
severe concerns underpinning the alleged crisis have several dimensions relating
to: (a) the (small) amount of published replication research; (b) the (poor)
quality of replication research; and (c) the (lack of) reproducibility, which
refers to the extent to which findings can (not) be reproduced in replication
attempts that have been undertaken. These concerns speak to the very core of
science, raising fundamental questions about the validity and reliability of our
work. Indeed, some commentators have called replication the “gold standard” of
research evidence (Jasny, Chin, Chong, & Vignieri, 2011, p. 1225) and a
“linchpin of the scientific process” (Let’s replicate, 2006, p. 330). 

In the field of L2 research, given the importance of replication and the 50
calls for replication in L2 research that we identified, one might expect a
substantial number of published replication studies by now. However, a perceived
lack of prestige, excitement, and originality of replication plagues L2 research
(Porte, 2012), as it does other disciplines (Berez-Kroeker et al., 2017; Branco,
Cohen, Vossen, Ide, & Calzolari, 2017; Chambers, 2017; Schmidt, 2009), and these
perceptions are thought to have caused, at least in part (directly or
indirectly), alleged low rates and a poor quality of published replication
studies. However, a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet
been established in the field of L2 research, leaving a poor understanding of
the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published. 

The current study begins to address this gap through narrative and systematic
reviews. The narrative review considers challenges in replication research and
is largely informed by commentaries and metascience from psychology, given that
the cognitive and social subdomains of psychology are highly influential in L2
research, and also from education, another key sister discipline. The narrative
review is organized around four broad themes: (a) the quantity of replication
research, (b) the nature of replication research, (c) the relationship between
initial and replication studies, and (d) the interpretation and extent of
reproducibility of the findings of initial studies. To gain insight into these
issues in the context of L2 research, the systematic review provides a synthesis
of L2 studies in journal articles that self-labeled as replications. The
research questions and methods of the systematic review were largely determined
by the narrative review but also emerged through the design and piloting of the
coding instrument. Finally, we offer further discussion and 16 recommendations
for future replication work that draw on our narrative and systematic reviews
and on our experience of carrying out multisite (Morgan-Short et al., 2018) 1
and single site (Faretta-Stutenberg & Morgan-Short, 2011; Marsden, Williams, &
Liu, 2013; McManus & Marsden, 2017; Morgan-Short, Heil, Botero-Moriaty, & Ebert,
2012) replications. We start from the widely agreed premise that testing the
reproducibility of findings should have an essential role in the testing and
refinement of theory, at least for hypothesis-testing epistemologies that seek
to ascertain generalizability and for other epistemologies in which constructs
are deemed to be definable and observable. Thus, our overall aim is to provide
conceptual clarification and an empirical base for future discussion and
production of replication studies, with a view to improving the amount and
quality of L2 replication research. 

Discussion 

We have shown that the addition of an artificial tail during ontogeny can
produce postural and locomotory changes in chickens, consistent with the posture
and kinematics inferred for non-avian dinosaurs [5], [6], [11]. The posterior
displacement of the CoM produced a more vertically oriented femur during
standing (femur in experimental animals was 40% more vertical than control
subjects), and increased femoral retraction and decreased knee flexion during
walking. These results indicate a shift from the standard bird, knee-driven
bipedal locomotion to a more hip-driven locomotion, typical of crocodilians (the
only other extant archosaur group), mammals, and hypothetically, bipedal
non-avian dinosaurs. These postural and kinematics changes cannot be attributed
to an increased weight as subjects of the control-weight group did not show the
same changes as the experimental group. In fact, the control-weight subjects
showed a more horizontally oriented femur during walking with respect to the
control group, similar to that observed in Carrano and Biewener's experimental
subjects [7]. Therefore, we conclude that the location of the CoM can be a key
factor in defining limb posture and kinematics. It has been proposed that the
relative mass of the CFL can be used as a proxy to estimate the relative
importance of femoral retraction during locomotion in extinct bipedal dinosaurs
[8]. Our data show that for a given CFL mass, femoral retraction can be greatly
affected by the location of the CoM and limb postures. Furthermore, limb
retraction can be markedly modulated with speed [5], suggesting caution when
using simple morphological parameters to estimate functional relationships. 

Differences in limb orientation can produce substantial differences in loading
regimes on limb bones. The orientation of each limb element to the ground
reaction force (GRF) indicates the relative contribution of axial and bending
forces to external bone loading: a bone perpendicular to the GRF is expected
experience greater bending forces than one parallel to the GRF. Because bone
adapts to its loading environment [19], [20], [21], geometric information from
limb bones, such as lengths and cross-sectional geometry, are expected to
reflect differences in loading regimes and consequently in behavior and
locomotor patterns [22], [23]. In this framework, scaling differences in femoral
geometry between non-avian theropods and birds have been suggested to be the
result of postural differences between these groups [6], [23]. Birds have
relatively shorter, stouter femora than non-avian theropods, presumed to be
associated with more horizontal orientation. Experimental manipulations of
femoral orientation in chickens suggest that torsional loads increase as the
femur becomes more horizontal [7] supporting the idea that postural differences
could be reflected in differences in limb cross-sectional geometry. To test if
the postural differences observed in this study produced changes in limb
morphology, we measured the length and mid-shaft cross-sectional properties of
the femur in all our individuals. However, we found no differences in
cross-sectional femoral geometry among groups. Maybe this is not surprising
considering that a recent study analyzing the relationship between posture and
femur cross-sectional properties failed to find differences between birds and
non-avian theropods [24], suggesting that simple morphological correlates of
limb posture should be used with caution. Interestingly, femur length tended to
be greater in the experimental group than in both the control-weight and the
control group (by 4 and 7%, respectively), although not signifcant. Longer limbs
are expected to experience larger bending and torsional moments, so the fact
that experimental animals had longer femora suggests that limb verticalization
reduces these moments by orienting the bone more parallel to the GRF line of
action. If this were the case, it would support the idea that non-avian
theropods have relatively thinner femora than extant birds because of postural
differences [6]. 

The present study was inspired by Carrano & Biewener [7] but our results
differed markedly from theirs. We suggest that the different outcomes are due to
the distinct rearing and exercising conditions used in each study, in addition
to the different artificial tails used. First, our experimental subjects lived
in a large enclosure under conditions that allowed them to exercise all day
long. In Carrano & Biewener's study, experimental chickens were housed
individually in smaller cages and were only allowed to exercise 20 minutes per
day, 3 days per week, from the 6th to the 12th week. Second, in their study, a
lead mass was attached at the distal end of the experimental tail, probably
generating excessive displacement of the CoM. During avian evolution, the loss
of the CFL and reorganization of the pelvic musculature [5], [13] could have
made birds unable to properly carry a postacetabular mass equivalent to that
carried by non-avian theropods [5], [6]. In our experimental setup, we attempted
to more closely mimic non-avian theropod tail morphology, in which mass is
distributed through a distally tapering tail. In addition, we reduced the total
tail mass to 15% body mass from the 20% body mass used by Carrano and Biewener.
Thus, our study seems to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced
change in the moment of inertia produced by the artificial tail, allowing
experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more
vertical position of the femur while standing. Interestingly, the femur
kinematics during walking in our control-weight group resembles the results
reported in the experimental subjects of Carrano and Biewener. This suggests
that their results could be partially explained as a response to the increased
loading rather than to the displacement of the CoM. 

Due to the phylogenetic relatedness, extant birds have been used to inform
functional aspects of non-avian dinosaur locomotion. However, substantial
differences in hindlimb morphology between these groups make difficult to assess
the validity of inferences obtained from such studies. It has even been proposed
that, due to functional convergence, mammals might be a better system to study
bipedal dinosaur locomotion [7], [23], but the results reported here show that
important aspects of non-avian theropod locomotion can be experimentally
recreated in modern birds. One caveat, however, is that our approach uses tail
reduction as the mechanism for CoM displacement despite it has been recently
shown that the evolutionary change in CoM position was driven instead by
forelimb enlargement [8]. Nonetheless, this does not mean that tail reduction
had no effect on CoM displacement, but that it was not the most important
factor. Ideally we would have increased tail mass and reduced pectoral limb mass
but, unfortunately, this is not experimentally feasible. We argue that our
experimental approach, although not perfect, was effective in displacing the CoM
and recreating locomotor patterns expected in non-avian theropods. Thus, we
expect that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues
of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor
mechanics and energetics, providing a more nuanced understanding of the
relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution. 

Re(a)d Wedding: A Comparative Discourse Analysis of Fan Responses to Game of
Thrones 

It is no exaggeration to say that HBO’s Game of Thrones is more than just a
television series or a successful brand: it is a transmedia system in the sense
first used by Marsha Kinder (1991) and popularized by Henry Jenkins (2006), in
which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “storyworld” of an
original production. Now spanning six seasons and 60 episodes, with an average
global viewership (from its most recent season) of 25.1 million viewers per
episode (Shepherd, 2016), it has spawned five video games, a graphic novel
adaptation, several companion books, two rap albums, a 28-city orchestral tour,
a wide variety of tabletop games, toys, merchandise and mobile apps, and
countless podcasts, fanfics and other fan-based creations. Given the volume of
content this represents, it is easy to forget that the television series itself
is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom. As such, the Game
of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment
for fans old and new, who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of
paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives. In this
sense, fans of the series represent an emerging model for cultural consumption
that should be carefully explored. Transmedia systems, like that exemplified by
Game of Thrones, are becoming increasingly prevalent (e.g., Star Wars, Harry
Potter, The Walking Dead, the Marvel Cinematic Universe, etc); these systems
demonstrate, in microcosm, the global challenge of managing the fire-hose flow
of information in contemporary postdigital society. The study of how people, as
fans, access and manage information within a transmedia system provides valuable
insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media
industry, but to the wider context of cultural studies, by offering findings on
this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user. For us, as digital
humanists, defining the “transmedia fan” is of particular relevance as we seek
to understand contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by
digital technologies. 

Methodology 

As a first step in defining the “transmedia fan”, the current project undertakes
a comparative discourse analysis of online conversations of Game of Thrones
fans. One of the most dramatic plot developments in the source material (Martin,
2000) was adapted to the screen in the penultimate episode of the third season,
“The Rains of Castamere” (Benioff & Weiss, 2013). Readers of the book series had
long anticipated and dreaded the events of the “Red Wedding”, while fans of the
show unfamiliar with Martin’s narrative were largely taken unawares by the
pivotal episode. 

Since the television series’ inception, writers at The AV Club have written two
critical reviews for each episode: one for viewers familiar with the books
(i.e., “Experts”) and one for viewers unfamiliar with the books and averse to
“spoilers” (i.e., “Newbies”). What results are two completely separate reviews
of “The Rains of Castamere” which in turn document the fans’ reactions to the
episode in the form of user comment threads: one comment thread where fans were
expected to be shocked by the outcome of the episode and one comment thread
where fans had hotly anticipated it. 

As a pilot project, the current work takes the content of both comment threads —
a corpus of approximately 5,600 comments — and analyzes each thread separately
using a qualitative coding method aligned with constructivist grounded theory
(Charmaz, 2006). Through this analysis, a categorization of themes emerges
illustrating tactics for negotiating intertexts and paratexts unique to each
group of fans. These themes fall under two broad categories: negotiation (i.e.,
emotional responses) and tactical negotiation (i.e., cognitive, or reasoned
responses). A comparison of categories and sub-categories between both groups
provides preliminary findings to support an emergent model, or models, of the
“transmedia fan”. 

Conclusion 

The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of
transmedia systems, as exemplified by Game of Thrones, through the study of
fans. The question posed by this research is, fundamentally, an examination of
how the problem of “access” is framed in postdigital society from the
perspective of the consumer. Future research should explore the negotiation
tactics observed in transmedia fans using the principles of De Certeau’s (1984)
everyday life practice, in order to extend its application to the broader
context of modern-day consumers. The current study will contribute to the
development of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more
clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan. This project is
of relevance to researchers in media studies, fan studies, information studies
and digital humanities. 

Daniel Bernoulli 

Daniel Bernoulli FRS (German pronunciation: [bɛʁˈnʊli]; 8 February 1700 – 17
March 1782) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist and was one of the many
prominent mathematicians in the Bernoulli family. He is particularly remembered
for his applications of mathematics to mechanics, especially fluid mechanics,
and for his pioneering work in probability and statistics. His name is
commemorated in the Bernoulli's principle, a particular example of the
conservation of energy, which describes the mathematics of the mechanism
underlying the operation of two important technologies of the 20th century: the
carburetor and the airplane wing. 

Daniel Bernoulli 

Early life 

Frontpage of Hydrodynamica (1738) 

Daniel Bernoulli was born in Groningen, in the Netherlands, into a family of
distinguished mathematicians. The Bernoulli family came originally from Antwerp,
at that time in the Spanish Netherlands, but emigrated to escape the Spanish
persecution of the Huguenots. After a brief period in Frankfurt the family moved
to Basel, in Switzerland. 

Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli (one of the "early developers" of calculus)
and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli (who" was the first to discover the theory of
probability"). He had two brothers, Niklaus and Johann II. Daniel Bernoulli was
described by W. W. Rouse Ball as "by far the ablest of the younger Bernoullis".
He is said to have had a bad relationship with his father. Upon both of them
entering and tying for first place in a scientific contest at the University of
Paris, Johann, unable to bear the "shame" of being compared Daniel's equal,
banned Daniel from his house. Johann Bernoulli also plagiarized some key ideas
from Daniel's book Hydrodynamica in his own book Hydraulica which he backdated
to before Hydrodynamica. Despite Daniel's attempts at reconciliation, his father
carried the grudge until his death. 

Around schooling age, his father, Johann, encouraged him to study business,
there being poor rewards awaiting a mathematician. However, Daniel refused,
because he wanted to study mathematics. He later gave in to his father's wish
and studied business. His father then asked him to study in medicine, and Daniel
agreed under the condition that his father would teach him mathematics
privately, which they continued for some time. Daniel studied medicine at Basel,
Heidelberg, and Strasbourg, and earned a PhD in anatomy and botany in 1721. 

He was a contemporary and close friend of Leonhard Euler. He went to St.
Petersburg in 1724 as professor of mathematics, but was very unhappy there, and
a temporary illness in 1733 gave him an excuse for leaving St. Petersburg. He
returned to the University of Basel, where he successively held the chairs of
medicine, metaphysics, and natural philosophy until his death. 

In May, 1750 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. 

Mathematical work 

His earliest mathematical work was the Exercitationes (Mathematical Exercises),
published in 1724 with the help of Goldbach. Two years later he pointed out for
the first time the frequent desirability of resolving a compound motion into
motions of translation and motion of rotation. His chief work is Hydrodynamica,
published in 1738; it resembles Joseph Louis Lagrange's Mécanique Analytique in
being arranged so that all the results are consequences of a single principle,
namely, conservation of energy. This was followed by a memoir on the theory of
the tides, to which, conjointly with the memoirs by Euler and Colin Maclaurin, a
prize was awarded by the French Academy: these three memoirs contain all that
was done on this subject between the publication of Isaac Newton's Philosophiae
Naturalis Principia Mathematica and the investigations of Pierre-Simon Laplace.
Bernoulli also wrote a large number of papers on various mechanical questions,
especially on problems connected with vibrating strings, and the solutions given
by Brook Taylor and by Jean le Rond d'Alembert. 

Together Bernoulli and Euler tried to discover more about the flow of fluids. In
particular, they wanted to know about the relationship between the speed at
which blood flows and its pressure. To investigate this, Daniel experimented by
puncturing the wall of a pipe with a small open ended straw and noted that the
height to which the fluid rose up the straw was related to fluid's pressure in
the pipe. 

Soon physicians all over Europe were measuring patients' blood pressure by
sticking point-ended glass tubes directly into their arteries. It was not until
about 170 years later, in 1896 that an Italian doctor discovered a less painful
method which is still in use today. However, Bernoulli's method of measuring
pressure is still used today in modern aircraft to measure the speed of the air
passing the plane; that is its air speed. 

Taking his discoveries further, Daniel Bernoulli now returned to his earlier
work on Conservation of Energy. It was known that a moving body exchanges its
kinetic energy for potential energy when it gains height. Daniel realised that
in a similar way, a moving fluid exchanges its kinetic energy for pressure.
Mathematically this law is now written: ½ ρ u 2 + P = constant where P is
pressure, ρ is the density of the fluid and u is its velocity. A consequence of
this law is that if the velocity increases then the pressure falls. This is
exploited by the wing of an aeroplane which is designed to create an area above
its surface where the air velocity increases. The pressure in this area is lower
than that under the wing, so the wing is pushed upwards by the relatively higher
pressure under the wing. 

Early life 

Born in Tianjin with ancestry in Changzhou, Jiangsu province, Chao went to the
United States with a Boxer Indemnity Scholarship in 1910 to study mathematics
and physics at Cornell University, where he was a classmate and lifelong friend
of Hu Shih, the leader of the New Culture Movement. He then became interested in
philosophy, and earned a Ph.D. in philosophy from Harvard University in 1918
with a dissertation entitled "Continuity: Study in Methodology". 

Already in college his interests had turned to music and languages. He spoke
German and French fluently and some Japanese, and he had a reading knowledge of
ancient Greek and Latin. He served as Bertrand Russell's interpreter when
Russell visited China in 1920. In his My Linguistic Autobiography, he wrote of
his ability to pick up a Chinese dialect quickly, without much effort. Chao
possessed a natural gift for hearing fine distinctions in pronunciation that was
said to be "legendary for its acuity", enabling him to record the sounds of
various dialects with a high degree of accuracy. 

Career development and later life 

He returned to China in 1920, marrying the physician Yang Buwei there that year.
The ceremony was simple, rather than the noisy traditional wedding, attended
only by Hu Shih and one other friend. Hu's account of it in the newspapers made
the couple a model of modern marriage for China's New Culture generation. 

Chao taught mathematics at Tsinghua University and, one year later, returned to
the United States to teach at Harvard. He again returned to China in 1925,
teaching at Tsinghua, and beginning a survey of the Wu dialects in 1926. He
began to conduct linguistic fieldwork throughout China for the Institute of
History and Philology of Academia Sinica from 1928 onwards. During this period
of time, he collaborated with Luo Changpei and Li Fang-Kuei, the other two
leading Chinese linguists of his generation, to edit and render into Chinese
Bernhard Karlgren's monumental Etudes sur la Phonologie Chinoise (published in
1940). 

He left for the US in 1938, and resided there afterwards. In 1945, he served as
president of the Linguistic Society of America, and a special issue of the
society's journal Language was dedicated to him in 1966. He became an American
citizen in 1954. In the 1950s he was among the first members of the Society for
General Systems Research. From 1947 to 1960, he taught at the University of
California at Berkeley, where in 1952, he became Agassiz Professor of Oriental
Languages. 

Both Chao and Yang were known for their good senses of humor, he particularly
for his love of subtle jokes and language puns: they published a family history
entitled, Life with Chaos: the autobiography of a Chinese family. 

Late in his life, he was invited by Deng Xiaoping to return to China in 1981.
Previously at the invitation of Premier Zhou En-Lai, Chao and his wife returned
to China in 1973 for the first time since the 1940s. He visited China again
between May and June in 1981 after his wife died in March the same year. He died
in Cambridge, Massachusetts. His first daughter Rulan Chao Pian (1922 - 2013)
was Professor of East Asian Studies and Music at Harvard. His third daughter
Lensey, born in 1929, is a children's book author and mathematician. 

Pierre Charles L'Enfant, 

Pierre Charles L'Enfant (French: [pjɛʁ ʃɑʁl lɑ̃fɑ̃]; August 2, 1754 – June 14,
1825), self-identified as Peter Charles L'Enfant while living in the United
States, was a French-born American military engineer who designed the basic plan
for Washington, D.C. (capital city of the U.S.) known today as the L'Enfant Plan
(1791). 

Early life and education 

L'Enfant was born in Paris, France on August 2, 1754, the third child and second
son of Pierre L'Enfant (1704 – 1787), a painter with a good reputation in the
service of King Louis XV of France, (1710 - 1774, reigned 1715 - 1774), and
Marie L'Enfant, the daughter of a minor official at court. In 1758, his brother
Pierre Joseph died at the age of six, and Pierre Charles became the eldest son.
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre, as well as with his father at
the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture. He left school in France to enlist
in the American Revolutionary War on the side of the rebelling colonials. 

Military service 

L'Enfant was recruited by Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais to serve in the
American Revolutionary War in the United States. He arrived in 1777 at the age
of 23, and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major
General Lafayette. He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on
April 3, 1779 to rank from February 18, 1778. 

Despite his aristocratic origins, L'Enfant closely identified with the United
States, changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the
rebelling colonies in 1777. L'Enfant served on General George Washington's staff
at Valley Forge. While there, the Marquis de Lafayette commissioned L'Enfant to
paint a portrait of Washington. 

He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9, 1779. He recovered and
became a prisoner of war at surrender of Charleston, South Carolina on May 12,
1780. He was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George
Washington's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution. L'Enfant was
promoted by brevet to Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2, 1783, in
recognition of his service to the cause of American liberty. He was discharged
when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783. 

After the war, L'Enfant designed the badge of the Society of the Cincinnati, an
organization of former officers of the Continental Army, shaped as an eagle, at
the request of Washington. He was sent to France to have insignias made for
members of the Society, a group of veterans of the war. 

Career 

Post–Revolutionary War 

Following the American Revolutionary War, L'Enfant established a successful and
highly profitable civil engineering firm in New York City. He achieved some fame
as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress
of the United States (See: Federal Hall). He also designed furniture and houses
for the wealthy as well as coins and medals, including the insignia of the
Society of the Cincinnati. He was also a friend of Alexander Hamilton, and some
of their correspondances from 1790 to 1801 now reside in the National Archives.

While L'Enfant was in New York City, he was initiated into Freemasonry. His
initiation took place on April 17, 1789, at Holland Lodge No. 8, F&AM, which the
Grand Lodge of New York F&AM had chartered in 1787. L'Enfant took only the first
of three degrees offered by the Lodge and did not progress further in
Freemasonry. 

Charles J. Fillmore 

Charles J. Fillmore (August 9, 1929 – February 13, 2014) was an American
linguist and Professor of Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley.
He received his Ph.D. in Linguistics from the University of Michigan in 1961.
Fillmore spent ten years at The Ohio State University and a year as a Fellow at
the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University
before joining Berkeley's Department of Linguistics in 1971. [1] Fillmore was
extremely influential in the areas of syntax and lexical semantics. 

A three–day conference was held at UC Berkeley in celebration of his 80th
birthday in 2009. [2] Fillmore received the 2012 Lifetime Achievement Award of
the Association for Computational Linguistics. [3] He died in 2014. [4] 

Early years 

Fillmore spent three years in the U.S. Army stationed in Japan, where he
intercepted coded Russian conversations on short-wave radio and taught himself
Japanese. [2] Following his discharge, he taught English at a Buddhist girls'
school while also taking classes at Kyoto University. 

He returned to the US, receiving his doctorate at the University of Michigan and
then teaching at The Ohio State University in Columbus. At the time, he was
still a proponent of Noam Chomsky's theory of generative grammar during its
earliest transformational grammar phase. In 1963, his seminal article The
position of embedding transformations in a Grammar introduced the
transformational cycle. The central idea is to first apply rules to the smallest
applicable unit, then to the smallest unit containing that one, and so on. [5]
This principle has been a foundational insight for theories of syntax since that
time. 

Cognitive linguistics 

By 1965, Fillmore had come to acknowledge that semantics plays a crucial role in
grammar. [6] 

In 1968, he published his theory of Case Grammar (Fillmore 1968), which
highlighted the fact that syntactic structure can be predicted by semantic
participants. An action can have an agent, a patient, purposes, locations, and
so on. These participants were called "cases" in his original paper, but later
came to be known as semantic roles or thematic relations, which are similar to
theta roles in generative grammar. 

Following his move to the University of California, Berkeley, in 1971, this
theory eventually evolved into a broader cognitive linguistic theory called
Frame Semantics (1976). A commercial event, for instance, crucially involved
elements such as a seller, a buyer, some good, and some money. In language, such
an event can be expressed in a variety of different ways, e.g. using the verb
'to sell' or the verb 'to buy'. According to frame semantics, meaning is best
studied in terms of the mental concepts and participants in the minds of the
speaker and addressee. 

Around the same time, Fillmore's Santa Cruz Lectures on Deixis, delivered in
1971 and published in 1975, contributed to establishing the field of linguistic
pragmatics, which studies the relationship between linguistic form and the
context of utterance. [7] [8] 

In all of this research, he illuminated the fundamental importance of semantics,
and its role in motivating syntactic and morphological phenomena. His
collaboration with Paul Kay and George Lakoff was generalized into the theory of
Construction Grammar. This work aimed at developing a complete theory of grammar
that would fully acknowledge the role of semantics right from the start, while
simultaneously adopting constraint-based formalisms as popular in computer
science and natural language processing. This theory built on the notion of
construction from traditional and pedagogical grammars rather than the
rule-based formalisms that dominate most of generative grammar. One of
Fillmore's most widely noticed works of the time (with Paul Kay and Cathy
O'Connor) appeared in 'Language' in 1988 as "Regularity and Idiomaticity in
Grammatical Constructions: The Case of Let Alone". Their paper highlighted the
merits of such a theory of by focusing on the 'let alone' construction. Over
time, construction grammar developed into a research area of its own, and a
number of variants have been proposed over the years by different researchers. 

Fillmore is now widely recognized as one of the founders of cognitive
linguistics. The first chapter of “Cognitive Linguistics” by Cruse and Croft
(2004), for instance, begins with a summary of Fillmore's work. Fillmore served
as President of the Linguistic Society of America in 1991 and was awarded an
honorary doctorate from the University of Chicago in 2000. [7] His legacy
continues with his many notable students, including Adele Goldberg, Laura
Michaelis, Christopher Johnson, Miriam R. L. Petruck, Len Talmy, and Eve
Sweetser. 

FrameNet 

In the 1990s, Fillmore taught classes in computational lexicography at the
University of Pisa, where he met Sue Atkins, who was conducting frame-semantic
analyses from a lexicographic perspective. In their subsequent discussions and
collaborations, Fillmore came to acknowledge the importance of considering
corpus data. [2] They discussed the "dictionary of the future", in which every
word would be linked to example sentences from corpora. [7] [9] 

After 23 years at the University of California, Berkeley, Fillmore retired in
1994 and joined Berkeley's International Computer Science Institute. [6] There,
he started a project called FrameNet, an on-line structured description of the
English lexicon implementing much of what he had earlier proposed more
theoretically in his theory of Frame semantics, while implementing the idea of
emphasizing example sentences from corpora. In FrameNet, words are described in
terms of the frames they evoke. Data is gathered from the British National
Corpus, annotated for semantic and syntactic relations, and stored in a database
organized by both lexical items and Frames. 

Final days 

Siméon Poisson reviewed Galois' paper on equation theory and declared it
"incomprehensible". 

Galois returned to mathematics after his expulsion from the École Normale,
although he continued to spend time in political activities. After his expulsion
became official in January 1831, he attempted to start a private class in
advanced algebra which attracted some interest, but this waned, as it seemed
that his political activism had priority. [4] [7] Siméon Poisson asked him to
submit his work on the theory of equations, which he did on 17 January 1831.
Around 4 July 1831, Poisson declared Galois' work "incomprehensible", declaring
that "[Galois'] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently
developed to allow us to judge its rigor"; however, the rejection report ends on
an encouraging note: "We would then suggest that the author should publish the
whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion." [16] While Poisson's
report was made before Galois' July 14 arrest, it took until October to reach
Galois in prison. It is unsurprising, in the light of his character and
situation at the time, that Galois reacted violently to the rejection letter,
and decided to abandon publishing his papers through the Academy and instead
publish them privately through his friend Auguste Chevalier. Apparently,
however, Galois did not ignore Poisson's advice, as he began collecting all his
mathematical manuscripts while still in prison, and continued polishing his
ideas until his release on 29 April 1832, [12] after which he was somehow talked
into a duel. [8] 

Galois' fatal duel took place on 30 May. [17] The true motives behind the duel
are obscure. There has been much speculation as to the reasons behind it. What
is known is that five days before his death, he wrote a letter to Chevalier
which clearly alludes to a broken love affair. [7] 

Some archival investigation on the original letters suggests that the woman of
romantic interest was a Mademoiselle Stéphanie-Félicie Poterin du Motel, [18]
the daughter of the physician at the hostel where Galois stayed during the last
months of his life. Fragments of letters from her, copied by Galois himself
(with many portions, such as her name, either obliterated or deliberately
omitted), are available. [19] The letters hint that Mlle. du Motel had confided
some of her troubles to Galois, and this might have prompted him to provoke the
duel himself on her behalf. This conjecture is also supported by other letters
Galois later wrote to his friends the night before he died. Galois' cousin,
Gabriel Demante, when asked if he knew the cause of the duel, mentioned that
Galois "found himself in the presence of a supposed uncle and a supposed fiancé,
each of whom provoked the duel." Galois himself famously exclaimed: "I am the
victim of an infamous coquette and her two dupes." [12] 

Much more detailed speculation based on these scant historical details has been
interpolated by many of Galois' biographers (most notably by Eric Temple Bell in
Men of Mathematics), such as the frequently repeated speculation that the entire
incident was stage-managed by the police and royalist factions to eliminate a
political enemy. [14] 

As to his opponent in the duel, Alexandre Dumas names Pescheux d'Herbinville,
[13] who was actually one of the nineteen artillery officers whose acquittal was
celebrated at the banquet that occasioned Galois' first arrest. [20] However,
Dumas is alone in this assertion, and if he were correct it is unclear why
d'Herbinville would have been involved. It has been speculated that he might
have been du Motel's "supposed fiancé" at the time (she ultimately married
someone else), but no clear evidence has been found supporting this conjecture.
On the other hand, extant newspaper clippings from only a few days after the
duel give a description of his opponent (identified by the initials "L. D.")
that appear to more accurately apply to one of Galois' Republican friends, most
probably Ernest Duchatelet, who was imprisoned with Galois on the same charges.
[21] Given the conflicting information available, the true identity of his
killer may well be lost to history. 

Whatever the reasons behind the duel, Galois was so convinced of his impending
death that he stayed up all night writing letters to his Republican friends and
composing what would become his mathematical testament, the famous letter to
Auguste Chevalier outlining his ideas, and three attached manuscripts. [22]
Mathematician Hermann Weyl said of this testament, "This letter, if judged by
the novelty and profundity of ideas it contains, is perhaps the most substantial
piece of writing in the whole literature of mankind." However, the legend of
Galois pouring his mathematical thoughts onto paper the night before he died
seems to have been exaggerated. [7] In these final papers, he outlined the rough
edges of some work he had been doing in analysis and annotated a copy of the
manuscript submitted to the Academy and other papers. 

The Galois memorial in the cemetery of Bourg-la-Reine. Évariste Galois was
buried in a common grave and the exact location is still unknown. 

Early in the morning of 30 May 1832, he was shot in the abdomen, [17] abandoned
by his opponents and seconds, and was found by a passing farmer. He died the
following morning [17] at ten o'clock in the Hôpital Cochin (probably of
peritonitis), after refusing the offices of a priest. His funeral ended in
riots. [17] There were plans to initiate an uprising during his funeral, but
during the same time frame the leaders heard of General Jean Maximilien
Lamarque's death, and the rising was postponed without any uprising occurring
until 5 June. Only Galois' younger brother was notified of the events prior to
Galois' death. [23] He was 20 years old. His last words to his younger brother
Alfred were: 

“Ne pleure pas, Alfred! J' ai besoin de tout mon courage pour mourir à vingt
ans!” 

(Don't cry, Alfred! I need all my courage to die at twenty!) 

On 2 June, Évariste Galois was buried in a common grave of the Montparnasse
Cemetery whose exact location is unknown. [17] [15] In the cemetery of his
native town – Bourg-la-Reine – a cenotaph in his honour was erected beside the
graves of his relatives. [24] 

Matthew Goode 

Matthew William Goode (born 3 April 1978) is an English character actor. He made
his screen debut in 2002 with ABC's TV film feature Confessions of an Ugly
Stepsister. His breakthrough role was in the romantic comedy, Chasing Liberty
(2004), for which he received a nomination at Teen Choice Awards for Choice
Breakout Movie Star - Male. He then appeared in a string of supporting roles in
films like Woody Allen's Match Point (2005), the German - British romantic
comedy Imagine Me and You (2006), and the period drama Copying Beethoven (2006).
He's garnered praise for his performance as Charles Ryder in Julian Jarrold’s
adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited (2008), and as Ozymandias in
the American neo-noir superhero film Watchmen (2009), based on DC Comics'
limited series of the same name. He then starred in romantic comedy Leap Year
(2010) and Australian drama Burning Man (2011), the latter earning him a
nomination for Best Actor at the Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards. 

Other notable film roles include The Lookout (2007), A Single Man (2009),
Cemetery Junction (2010), Stoker (2013), Belle (2013), The Imitation Game (2014)
and Self/less (2015). As well as appearing in films, Goode has appeared in
numerous television shows. His most notable television roles include Henry
Talbot in the final season of historical period drama Downton Abbey, and Finley
"Finn" Polmar in the CBS legal drama The Good Wife. He also had a lead role in
the critically acclaimed British mini-serial Dancing on the Edge, as music
journalist Stanley Mitchell, for which he earned a nomination for Best Actor in
a Miniseries or a Television Film at the Satellite Awards. In 2017, Goode
portrayed Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon in the Netflix
biographical drama series The Crown, for which he received a Primetime Emmy
Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Star in a Drama Series. [2] He currently
stars in Sky One's fantasy-romance series, A Discovery of Witches, as Professor
Matthew Clairmont and is filming Matthew Vaughn's Kingsman prequel, The King's
Man. 

Personal life 

Goode has been in a relationship with Sophie Dymoke since 2005. They married in
2014. [17] [18] [19] They have two daughters, Matilda Eve Goode [3] (b. March
2009) and Teddie Eleanor Rose Goode (b. September 2013), and a son, Ralph Goode
(b. August 2015). Career 

Goode played Peter Lynley, the brother of Inspector Lynley in the BBC production
Inspector Lynley Mysteries: A Suitable Vengeance and co-starred in the TV film
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister, based on the Gregory Maguire novel of the
same name and William Shakespeare's play The Tempest. In 2004, Goode made his
American film debut opposite Mandy Moore in the romantic comedy Chasing Liberty.
Early life 

Goode was born in Exeter, Devon. His father, Anthony, was a geologist and his
mother, Jennifer, is a nurse and amateur theatre director. Goode is the youngest
of five children with a brother, two half-brothers, and a half-sister,
television presenter Sally Meen, from his mother's previous marriage. He grew up
in the village of Clyst St. Mary, near Exeter. [3] Goode was educated at Exeter
School, an independent school in Exeter, Devon, [4] followed by the University
of Birmingham and London's Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. 

A bust of Patrick Gordon in Yekaterinburg, Russia 

Patrick Leopold Gordon of Auchleuchries (31 March 1635 in Auchleuchries,
Aberdeenshire, Scotland – 29 November 1699 in Moscow, Russia) was a general and
rear admiral in Russia, of Scottish origin. He was descended from a family of
Aberdeenshire, holders of the small estate of Auchleuchries, near Ellon. The
family was connected with the noble branch of Haddo. As a result of his
distinguished service for Sweden, Poland and Russia he rose in ranks from
trooper to full general, and became principal advisor and close friend of Tsar
Peter the Great. Gordon assumed the additional Christian name of Leopold when
confirmed as a Roman Catholic shortly before his death. 

Life 

Gordon was brought up and remained a lifelong Roman Catholic, at a time when the
Church was being persecuted in Scotland, which had become Calvinist. After an
education at the parish schools of Cruden and Ellon, at age of fifteen he
entered the Jesuit college at Braunsberg, East Prussia, then part of Poland;
however, his character did not tolerate well the strict and sombre way of life
at the school, and he soon decided to return home. He changed his mind, however,
before re-embarking on the journey back to Scotland, and after journeying on
foot in several parts of what is today Germany, in 1655 he enlisted at Hamburg
into the military service of Sweden. 

In the course of the next five years he served alternately for Poland and Sweden
and was taken prisoner by both. At the Battle of Chudnov in 1660, Gordon was
wounded. [1] Upon hearing of the Stuart restoration, Gordon left the Polish
service, but found himself unable to obtain military employment in Scotland or
England. [1] In 1661, after further experiences as a soldier of fortune, he
joined the Russian army under Tsar Aleksei I, and in 1665 was sent on a special
mission to England. After his return he distinguished himself in several wars
against the Turks and Tatars in southern Russia. Gordon disliked the Russian
service, complaining of the corruption and venality of Russian officials, which
left him, in his own words, "almost at wits end with vexation". [2] However, in
recognition of his service he was promoted to major-general in 1678, was
appointed to the high command at Kiev in 1679, and in 1683 was made
lieutenant-general. 

He was not the only Scottish soldier in the Tsar's service; his fellow-Scots
Paul Menzies and Alexander Livingston also found themselves in Russia fleeing
religious intolerance or seeking adventure. 

Gordon visited England and Scotland in 1686. In 1687 and 1689 he took part in
expeditions against the Tatars in the Crimea, being made a full general. Later
in 1689 a revolution broke out in Moscow, and with the troops under his command
Gordon virtually decided events in favour of Peter the Great, [3] and against
the Regent, Tsarevna Sophia Alekseyevna. Consequently, he was for the remainder
of his life in high favour with the Tsar, who confided to him the command of his
capital during his absence from Russia. In 1696, Gordon's design of a "moveable
rampart" played a key role in helping the Russians take Azov. [3] 

Gordon's alleged tomb at Vvedenskoye Cemetery in Moscow. 

One of Gordon's greatest achievements was securing permission from the Tsars to
establish the first Roman Catholic church and school in Muscovy, of which he
remained the main benefactor, and headed the Catholic community in Russia until
his death. For his services his second son James, brigadier of the Russian army,
was created Count of the Holy Roman Empire in 1701. 

The Tsar employed him in organizing his army according to the West European
system; and raised him to the rank of full general. 

At the end of his life the Tsar, who had visited Gordon frequently during his
illness, was with him when he died, and with his own hands closed his eyes.
Originally buried in the Foreign Quarter, his remains were reinterred at Azov in
1877, with an inscription in German which mistakenly gives his rank as Oberst,
Colonel. 

General Gordon left behind him a uniquely detailed diary of his life and times,
written in English. This is preserved in manuscript in the Russian State
Military Archive in Moscow. An incomplete and faulty German translation, edited
by Dr Moritz Posselt (Tagebuch des Generals Patrick Gordon) was published, the
first volume at Moscow in 1849, the second at St Petersburg in 1851, and the
third at St Petersburg in 1853; and Passages from the Diary of General Patrick
Gordon of Auchleuchries (1635 – 1699), was printed, under the editorship of
Joseph Robertson, for the Spalding Club, at Aberdeen, Scotland, 1859. A new full
scholarly edition of Gordon's Diary in English was published by the Centre for
Irish and Scottish Studies in Aberdeen (6 vols, 2009 - 2016), as well as its
translation into Russian. 

His daughter was married firstly to the German-Russian Colonel Rudolf
Strasburgh, and then from 1699 or 1700 to his kinsman in the Russian service
Alexander Gordon of Auchintoul, author of "The History of Peter the Great,
Emperor of Russia". She lived until 1739. [4] 

Zaha Hadid 

Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA (Arabic: زها حديد Zahā Ḥadīd; 31 October 1950 –
31 March 2016) was an Iraqi-British architect. 

She was the first woman to receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize, in 2004. She
received the UK's most prestigious architectural award, the Stirling Prize, in
2010 and 2011. In 2012, she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to
architecture, and in 2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the
Royal Gold Medal from the Royal Institute of British Architects. 

She was described by The Guardian of London as the 'Queen of the curve', who
"liberated architectural geometry, giving it a whole new expressive identity."
Her major works include the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics,
Michigan State University's Broad Art Museum in the US, and the Guangzhou Opera
House in China. Some of her designs have been presented posthumously, including
the statuette for the 2017 Brit Awards, and many of her buildings are still
under construction, including the Al Wakrah Stadium in Qatar, a venue for the
2022 FIFA World Cup. 

Early life and academic career 

Hadid was born on 31 October 1950 in Baghdad, Iraq, to an upper-class Iraqi
family. Her father Mohammed Hadid Muhammad al-Hajj Husayn Hadid was a wealthy
industrialist from Mosul. He co-founded the left-liberal al-Ahali group in 1932,
a significant political organisation in the 1930s and 1940s. He was the
co-founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq. He served as minister of
finance after the overthrow of the monarch after the 1958 Iraqi coup d'état for
the government of General Abd al-Karim Qasim. Her mother Wajiha al-Sabunji was
an artist from Mosul. In the 1960s Hadid attended boarding schools in England
and Switzerland. 

Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before moving, in
1972, to London to study at the Architectural Association School of
Architecture. There she studied with Rem Koolhaas, Elia Zenghelis and Bernard
Tschumi. Her former professor, Koolhaas, described her at graduation as "a
planet in her own orbit." Zenghelis described her as the most outstanding pupil
he ever taught. 

"We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees. Nothing was ever at 90 degrees.
She had spectacular vision. All the buildings were exploding into tiny little
pieces." He recalled that she was less interested in details, such as
staircases. "The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the
ceiling, and the space was reducing and reducing, and you would end up in the
upper corner of the ceiling. She couldn’t care about tiny details. Her mind was
on the broader pictures — when it came to the joinery she knew we could fix that
later. She was right.’ Her fourth-year student project was a painting of a hotel
in the form of a bridge, inspired by the works of the Russian suprematist artist
Kazimir Malevich 

Ichiyō Higuchi 

Ichiyō Higuchi (樋口 一葉 Higuchi Ichiyō, May 2, 1872 – November 23, 1896) was a pen
name of Japanese author Natsu Higuchi (樋口 奈津 Higuchi Natsu), also known as
Natsuko Higuchi (樋口 夏子 Higuchi Natsuko). Specializing in short stories, she was
one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period (1868 - 1912)
and Japan's first prominent woman writer of modern times. She wrote relatively
little as a result of living a brief life — she died at 24 — but her stories had
a large impact on Japanese literature and she is still appreciated by the
Japanese public today. 

Efforts to become a writer 

She, her mother, and younger sister made ends meet by doing needlework, washing,
and other jobs. In 1892, after seeing the success of a classmate, Kaho Tanabe,
who wrote a novel, Higuchi decided to become a novelist to support her family. 

Nevertheless, her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short
story, a form to which she would remain true. In 1891 she met her future advisor
who would help, she assumed, this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her
with editors: Tosui Nakarai. She fell in love with him right away, not knowing
that, at 31, he had a reputation as a womanizer. Nor did she realize that he
wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way
wished to be associated with serious literature. 

Her mentor did not return her passionate, if discreet, love for him, and instead
treated her as a younger sister. This failed relationship would become a
recurrent theme in Higuchi's fiction. 

Eventually, she got the break she was so eager for: her first stories were
published in a minor newspaper under her pen name, Ichiyo Higuchi. The stories
from this first period (1892 – 94) suffered from the excessive influence of
Heian poetry. Higuchi felt compelled to demonstrate her classical literary
training. The plots were thin, there was little development of character and
they were loaded down by excessive sentiment, especially when compared to what
she was writing concurrently in her diary. But she was developing rapidly.
Several of her trademark themes appear; for example, the triangular relationship
among a lonely, beautiful, young woman who has lost her parents, a handsome man
who has abandoned her (and remains in the background), and a lonely and
desperate ragamuffin who falls in love with her. Another theme Higuchi repeated
was the ambition and cruelty of the Meiji middle class. 

The story "Umoregi" ("In Obscurity") signaled Higuchi's arrival as a
professional writer. It was published in the prestigious journal Miyako no Hana
in 1892, only nine months after she had started writing in earnest. Her work was
noticed and she was recognized as a promising new author. 

Her last years 

In 1893, Higuchi, her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house
and, with a grim determination to survive, moved to a poor neighborhood where
they opened a stationery store that before long failed. Their new dwelling was a
five-minute walk from Tokyo's ill-famed red-light district, the Yoshiwara. Her
experience living in this neighborhood would provide material for several of her
later stories, especially "Takekurabe", (literally," Comparing heights";
"Child's Play" in the Robert Lyons Danly translation; also called "Growing Up"
in the Edward Seidensticker translation.) 

The stories of her mature period (1894 – 96) were not only marked by her
experience living near the red-light district and greater concern over the
plight of women, but also by the influence of Ihara Saikaku, a 17th-century
writer, whose stories she had recently discovered. His distinctiveness lay in
great part in his acceptance of low-life characters as worthwhile literary
subjects. What Higuchi added was a special awareness of suffering and
sensitivity. To this period belong "Ōtsugomori" ("On the Last Day of the Year"),
"Nigorie" ("Troubled Waters"), "Wakare-Michi" ("Separate Ways"), "Jūsan'ya"
("The Thirteenth Night") and "Takekurabe" ("Child's Play"). The last two are
considered her best work. 

With these last stories her fame spread throughout the Tokyo literary
establishment. In her humble home she was visited by other writers, students of
poetry, admirers, the curious, critics, and editors requesting her
collaboration. 

But between constant interruptions and frequent headaches, Higuchi stopped
writing. As her father and one of her brothers had before her, she had caught
tuberculosis. 

She died on November 23, 1896, at the age of twenty-four. 

Higuchi's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004,
becoming the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote, after Empress Jingū
in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000. Her best-known stories have been made into
movies. 

Brock Holt 

Holt with the Boston Red Sox 

Boston Red Sox – No. 12 

Second baseman / Shortstop / Outfielder 

Born: June 11, 1988 (age 30) Fort Worth, Texas 

Bats: Left 

Throws: Right 

MLB debut 

September 1, 2012, for the Pittsburgh Pirates 

MLB statistics (through September 20, 2018) 

Batting average .265 

Home runs 19 

Runs batted in 171 

Teams 

Pittsburgh Pirates (2012) 

Boston Red Sox (2013 – present) 

Career highlights and awards 

All-Star (2015) 

Hit for the cycle on June 16, 2015 

World Series champion (2013) 

Brock Holt 

Brock Wyatt Holt (born June 11, 1988) is an American professional baseball
second baseman, shortstop and outfielder for the Boston Red Sox of Major League
Baseball (MLB). While primarily used as an infielder, he has started in and
played at every position for the Red Sox, except for pitcher and catcher. Listed
at 5 feet 10 inches (1.78 m) and 180 pounds (82 kg), Holt bats left-handed and
throws right-handed. He first played in MLB for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2012,
but has played for the Red Sox every season since. 

High school career 

Holt graduated in 2006 from Stephenville High School in Texas. In 2003, his
freshman year, he made the District 8-4A All-District baseball team despite
batting just .227, and shared the league's Newcomer of the Year award. [1] Holt
was a second-team All-District 8-4A inclusion his sophomore year, batting .324
for the season. [2] In 2005, Holt was named defensive player of the year in
District 6-4A, [3] and he earned all-district honors in 2006, his senior year.
[4] 

College career 

Holt attended Navarro College in 2007 and 2008. [5] After transferring to Rice
University in 2009, he posted a .348 batting average with 12 home runs and 43
RBIs in 59 games for the Rice Owls. He also led the Owls with 67 runs scored and
shared the team lead with 11 stolen bases. In the same season, he was named both
to the All-NCAA Regional Team and the All-Silver Glove Trophy Series team. [6] 

Holt was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates with the club's ninth round selection
in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft, one pick before his Rice teammate Ryan
Berry. [7] 

Professional career 

Minor leagues 

Holt began his professional career with the Pittsburgh Pirates' short season,
Class-A affiliate, the State College Spikes, before advancing to the High-A
Bradenton Marauders in 2010. His 2010 season was cut short due to injury to his
medial collateral ligament, which required surgery. [8] He began the 2011 season
with the Pirates' Double-A affiliate, the Altoona Curve. On July 13, 2011, Holt
was named the MVP of the Eastern League All-Star Game after hitting a two-run
homer in the ninth inning. [9] 

Holt opened 2012 with Altoona and later joined Triple-A Indianapolis Indians. He
was promoted to the Pittsburgh Pirates from the minors as the major league
rosters expanded on September 1. 

Pittsburgh Pirates (2012) 

Holt made his Major League debut on September 1, 2012. At the time of his
promotion, he had hit a .322 average in 102 games with Altoona and .432 in 24
games for Indianapolis. [10] 

On September 4, against the Houston Astros, Holt became only the second Pirates
player since 1900 to have a four-hit game within his first four career games in
the majors. The only other Pirates player to have a four-hit game so early in
his career was Jack Merson, who went 4-for-5 in his second major league game on
September 15, 1951. [11] In 24 games, Holt batted .292 with a triple and 3 RBI.
Boston Red Sox (2013 – present) 

2013 

On December 26, 2012 he was traded to the Boston Red Sox (along with Joel
Hanrahan) for Jerry Sands, Stolmy Pimentel, Mark Melancon, and Iván DeJesús,
Jr.. [12] Holt started the 2013 season with the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox. He
debuted for Boston after getting called up on July 6 in Anaheim. In 2013, Holt
played in 26 games, hitting .203 with 11 RBI. Holt received his first
championship ring when the Red Sox won the World Series over the St. Louis
Cardinals in six games, despite not playing in the postseason. 

2014 

Holt again started 2014 in Triple-A, but was called up May 17 after an injury to
Will Middlebrooks and hit leadoff for the rest of the season. 

On May 31, 2014, against the Tampa Bay Rays at Fenway Park, Holt hit his first
Major League home run. On June 8, 2014, in order to allow Xander Bogaerts to
play 3rd base, Holt moved to left field. He immediately impressed, making a
sensational catch on the warning track to rob Ian Kinsler of a hit. On July 9,
2014, against the Chicago White Sox, Holt drove in Daniel Nava in the bottom of
the 9th inning for the first walk-off hit of his career. [13] On June 1, 2015,
while starting at first base for the first time in his career, Holt went 4-for-4
with four doubles, a walk, and two RBI against the Tampa Bay Rays to win 4 to 0.
[14] 

By the end of the season, Holt had started games at every position except
pitcher and catcher. [15] 

Jerome 

Jerome (/ dʒəˈroʊm /; Latin: Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus; Greek: Εὐσέβιος
Σωφρόνιος Ἱερώνυμος; c. 347 – 30 September 420) was a Latin Catholic priest,
confessor, theologian, and historian, commonly known as Saint Jerome. He was
born at Stridon, a village near Emona on the border of Dalmatia and Pannonia.
[3] [4] [5] He is best known for his translation of most of the Bible into Latin
(the translation that became known as the Vulgate), and his commentaries on the
Gospels. His list of writings is extensive. [6] 

The protégé of Pope Damasus I, who died in December of 384, Jerome was known for
his teachings on Christian moral life, especially to those living in
cosmopolitan centers such as Rome. In many cases, he focused his attention on
the lives of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should live her
life. This focus stemmed from his close patron relationships with several
prominent female ascetics who were members of affluent senatorial families. [7]

Jerome is recognised as a saint and Doctor of the Church by the Catholic Church,
the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Lutheran Church, and the Anglican Communion.
[8] His feast day is 30 September. 

Life 

Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus was born at Stridon around 347 AD. [9] He was of
Illyrian ancestry, [10] although his ability to speak the Illyrian languages
causes controversy. He was not baptized until about 360 - 366, when he had gone
to Rome with his friend Bonosus of Sardica (who may or may not have been the
same Bonosus whom Jerome identifies as his friend who went to live as a hermit
on an island in the Adriatic) to pursue rhetorical and philosophical studies. He
studied under the grammarian Aelius Donatus. There Jerome learned Latin and at
least some Greek, [11] though probably not the familiarity with Greek literature
he would later claim to have acquired as a schoolboy. [12] 

As a student in Rome, Jerome engaged in the superficial escapades and sexual
experimentation of students there, which he indulged in quite casually but for
which he suffered terrible bouts of guilt afterwards. [13] [better source
needed] To appease his conscience, he would visit on Sundays the sepulchres of
the martyrs and the Apostles in the catacombs. This experience would remind him
of the terrors of hell: 

Often I would find myself entering those crypts, deep dug in the earth, with
their walls on either side lined with the bodies of the dead, where everything
was so dark that almost it seemed as though the Psalmist's words were fulfilled,
Let them go down quick into Hell. [14] Here and there the light, not entering in
through windows, but filtering down from above through shafts, relieved the
horror of the darkness. But again, as soon as you found yourself cautiously
moving forward, the black night closed around and there came to my mind the line
of Vergil, "Horror ubique animos, simul ipsa silentia terrent". [15] [16] 

St. Jerome in His Study (1480), by Domenico Ghirlandaio 

Jerome used a quote from Virgil — "On all sides round horror spread wide; the
very silence breathed a terror on my soul" [17] — to describe the horror of
hell. Jerome initially used classical authors to describe Christian concepts
such as hell that indicated both his classical education and his deep shame of
their associated practices, such as pederasty which was found in Rome. [citation
needed] 

Conversion to Christianity 

St Jerome in the Nuremberg Chronicle" 

Although initially skeptical of Christianity, he was eventually converted. [18]
After several years in Rome, he travelled with Bonosus to Gaul and settled in
Trier where he seems to have first taken up theological studies, and where, for
his friend Tyrannius Rufinus, he copied Hilary of Poitiers' commentary on the
Psalms and the treatise De synodis. Next came a stay of at least several months,
or possibly years, with Rufinus at Aquileia, where he made many Christian
friends. 

Some of these accompanied Jerome when about 373, he set out on a journey through
Thrace and Asia Minor into northern Syria. At Antioch, where he stayed the
longest, two of his companions died and he himself was seriously ill more than
once. During one of these illnesses (about the winter of 373 - 374), he had a
vision that led him to lay aside his secular studies and devote himself to God.
He seems to have abstained for a considerable time from the study of the
classics and to have plunged deeply into that of the Bible, under the impulse of
Apollinaris of Laodicea, then teaching in Antioch and not yet suspected of
heresy. 

St. Jerome in the Desert, by Giovanni Bellini (1505) 

Seized with a desire for a life of ascetic penance, Jerome went for a time to
the desert of Chalcis, to the southeast of Antioch, known as the "Syrian
Thebaid", from the number of eremites inhabiting it. During this period, he
seems to have found time for studying and writing. He made his first attempt to
learn Hebrew under the guidance of a converted Jew; and he seems to have been in
correspondence with Jewish Christians in Antioch. Around this time he had copied
for him a Hebrew Gospel, of which fragments are preserved in his notes, and is
known today as the Gospel of the Hebrews, and which the Nazarenes considered to
be the true Gospel of Matthew. [19] Jerome translated parts of this Hebrew
Gospel into Greek. [20] 

Jenna Marbles 

Jenna Nicole Mourey (born September 15, 1986 [1] [2]), better known by her
pseudonym Jenna Marbles, is an American YouTube personality, vlogger, comedian
and actress. As of March 2019, her channel has approximately 3.1 billion video
views and 19.5 million subscribers, [3] and is the 86th most subscribed channel
on YouTube and the eighth-most-popular channel operated by a woman. [4] Marbles
is the first social media star to have a wax figure displayed in Madame Tussauds
Museum, located in New York City. [5] 

Early life 

Marbles was born and raised in Rochester, New York, where she graduated from
Brighton High School in 2004. Her father is a chemist who holds several patents
and she has one older brother. [6] She then moved to Boston, where she attended
Suffolk University. At Suffolk she obtained a Bachelor of Science in Psychology,
and later attended Boston University for a Master of Education in Sport
Psychology and Counseling. [7] 

Career 

In the summer of 2010, Marbles was sharing a three-bedroom apartment in
Cambridge, Massachusetts. She paid $ 800 rent by working various jobs, like
bartending, working at a tanning salon, blogging, and go-go dancing at
nightclubs. [8] That year, Marbles started her career with Barstool Sports,
where she wrote for their female-oriented site StoolLaLa. She left Barstool
Sports in 2011. [9] 

YouTube 

Marbles uploads a new video to her YouTube channel every Wednesday/Thursday. One
video, released in 2010 and entitled "How To Trick People Into Thinking You're
Good Looking" was viewed over 5.3 million times in its first week. [10] [11] Her
video "How To Avoid Talking To People You Don't Want To Talk To "was featured in
articles by The New York Times and ABC News in August 2011. In the video, she
stated, "I'm sick and tired of guys thinking that just because I showed up at a
club or a dance or a bar, that I want to have their genitalia touching my
backside"; [12] [13] the video had approximately 36.2 million views as of March
2018. [14] 

The pseudonym "Jenna Marbles "comes from her mother's complaint that "Mourey",
their legal surname, pulled up only Jenna's videos on Google. Jenna's mother was
unemployed at the time that Jenna's first video went viral, and was concerned
that their content might put off potential employers. [7] The name "Marbles"
comes from her dog "Mr. Marbles". As of January 2019, Marbles's YouTube channel
had about 19 million subscribers and 2.9 billion video views. [15] [16] 

Marbles appeared as Eve in season 2 of Epic Rap Battles of History, episode 13,
"Adam vs. Eve" [17] She played a banana in The Annoying Orange episode "Fake n'
Bacon". She played Miley Cyrus in a "Wrecking Ball" - inspired segment of
YouTube Rewind 2013. On January 30, 2014, she appeared in season four of
Ridiculousness. 

Marbles appeared as herself in Smosh: The Movie. [18] 

In 2015, Marbles unveiled a wax figure of herself at Madame Tussauds New York.
She was the first ever YouTube star to be immortalized at Madame Tussauds New
York and her figure is the first selfie-taking wax figure at this location. [19]

Marbles has also professionalized her business affairs by expanding her business
and bringing in people to help, including, a personal assistant, a business
manager, and her mother (the chief executive officer). [8] 

Marbles does a weekly podcast with her boyfriend Julien Solomita called "The
Jenna Julien Podcast" (formerly called "The Jenna and Julien Podcast"). Topics
include stories of growing up, conspiracy theories, YouTubers and other general
topics. They sometimes feature other YouTubers as guests on their podcast,
including Shane Dawson. [20] 

Other ventures 

Marbles released a brand of dog toys called Kermie Worm & Mr. Marbles. The toys'
appearances are based upon her real dogs. [7] She has also created items with
some of her most memorable quotes printed on them (e.g. "what are this"). 

Marbles also hosts a weekly pop countdown on SiriusXM Hits 1 called "YouTube
15". [21] [22] 

In 2016, Marbles became an executive producer for Maximum Ride, a film based on
the series of novels of the same name by James Patterson. [23] 

Personal life 

In 2015, Marbles became a full-time vegan. [24] [25] 

Marbles has been in a relationship with fellow YouTuber Julien Solomita since
2013, and the two live together in California with their four dogs, Marbles,
Kermit, Peach and Bunny, who regularly appear in her videos. [26] 

Jeanne Moreau 

Jeanne Moreau 

Moreau in 1958 

Born 23 January 1928 Paris, France 

Died 31 July 2017 (aged 89) Paris, France 

Resting place Montmartre Cemetery, Paris, France 

Alma mater Conservatoire de Paris 

Occupation Actress, screenwriter, film director 

Years active 1947 – 2012 

Spouse(s) Jean-Louis Richard (m. 1949; div. 1964) William Friedkin (m. 1977;
div. 1979) 

Children Jérôme Richard 

Jeanne Moreau (French pronunciation: [ʒan mɔʁo]; 23 January 1928 – 31 July 2017)
was a French actress, singer, screenwriter and director. She won the Cannes Film
Festival Award for Best Actress for Seven Days ... Seven Nights (1960), the
BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress for Viva Maria! (1965), and the César Award
for Best Actress for The Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea (1992). She was also the
recipient of several lifetime awards, including a BAFTA Fellowship in 1996,
Cannes Golden Palm in 2003 and César Award in 2008. 

Moreau made her theatrical debut in 1947, and established herself as one of the
leading actresses of the Comédie-Française. She began playing small roles in
films in 1949, with impressive performances in the Fernandel vehicle Meurtres?
(Three Sinners, 1950) and alongside Jean Gabin as a showgirl/gangster's moll in
the film Touchez pas au grisbi (1954). She achieved prominence as the star of
Elevator to the Gallows (1958), directed by Louis Malle, and Jules et Jim
(1962), directed by François Truffaut. Most prolific during the 1960s, Moreau
continued to appear in films into her 80s. 

Early life and education 

Moreau was born in Paris, the daughter of Katherine (née Buckley), a dancer who
performed at the Folies Bergère (d. 1990), and Anatole-Désiré Moreau, a
restaurateur (d. 1975). [1] [2] Moreau's father was French; her mother was
English, a native of Oldham, Lancashire, England [3] and of part Irish descent.
[2] [4] [5] Moreau's father was Catholic and her mother, originally a
Protestant, converted to Catholicism upon marriage. [2] When a young girl," the
family moved south to Vichy, spending vacations at the paternal ancestral
village of Mazirat, a town of 30 houses in a valley in the Allier. "It was
wonderful there", Moreau said. "Every tombstone in the cemetery was for a
Moreau". During the World War II, the family was split, and Moreau lived with
her mother in Paris. Moreau ultimately lost interest in school at age 16, and
after attending a performance of Jean Anouilh's Antigone, found her calling as
an actor. She later studied at the Conservatoire de Paris. Her parents separated
permanently while Moreau was at the conservatory and her mother, "after 24
difficult years in France, returned to England with Jeanne's [6] sister,
Michelle." [6] 

Career 

In 1947, Moreau made her theatrical debut at the Avignon Festival. She debuted
at the Comédie-Française in Ivan Turgenev's A Month in the Country [6] and, by
her 20s, was already one of leading actresses in the theatre's troupe. [2] After
1949, she began appearing in films with small parts but continued primarily
active in the theatre for several years — a year at the Théâtre National
Populaire opposite among others Gérard Philipe and Robert Hirsch, then a
breakout two years in dual roles in The Dazzling Hour by Anna Bonacci, then Jean
Cocteau's La Machine Infernale and others before another two-year run, this time
in Shaw's Pygmalion. [6] From the late 1950s, after appearing in several
successful films, she began to work with the emerging generation of French
film-makers. Elevator to the Gallows (1958) with first-time director Louis Malle
was followed by Malle's The Lovers (Les Amants, 1959). [7] 

Moreau went on to work with many of the best known New Wave and avant-garde
directors. [2] François Truffaut's New Wave film Jules et Jim (1962), her
biggest success internationally, is centered on her magnetic starring role. [2]
She also worked with a number of other notable directors such as Michelangelo
Antonioni (La notte and Beyond the Clouds), Orson Welles (The Trial, Chimes at
Midnight and The Immortal Story), Luis Buñuel (Diary of a Chambermaid), Elia
Kazan (The Last Tycoon), Rainer Werner Fassbinder (Querelle), Wim Wenders (Until
the End of the World), Carl Foreman (Champion and The Victors), and Manoel de
Oliveira (Gebo et l'Ombre). 

In 1983, she was head of the jury at the 33rd Berlin International Film
Festival. [8] In 2005, she was awarded with the Stanislavsky Award at the 27th
Moscow International Film Festival. [9] 

Moreau was also a vocalist. She released several albums and once performed with
Frank Sinatra at Carnegie Hall in 1984. [2] In addition to acting, Moreau worked
behind the camera as a writer, director and producer. [2] Her accomplishments
were the subject of the film Calling the Shots (1988) by Janis Cole and Holly
Dale. [citation needed] 

Eugene Nida 

Eugene A. Nida (November 11, 1914 – August 25, 2011) was a linguist who
developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the
founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies. 

Life 

Nida was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on November 11, 1914. He became a
Christian at a young age, when he responded to the altar call at his church "to
accept Christ as my Saviour." 

He graduated summa cum laude from the University of California in 1936. After
graduating he attended Camp Wycliffe, where Bible translation theory was taught.
He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua,
Mexico, until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude
forced him to leave. Sometime in this period, Nida became a founding charter
member of Wycliffe Bible Translators, a related organization to the Summer
Institute of Linguistics. 

In 1937, Nida undertook studies at the University of Southern California, where
he obtained a master's degree in New Testament Greek in 1939. In that same year
he became interim pastor of Calvary Church of Santa Ana, California following
the resignation of its founding pastor. Despite his conservative background, in
later years Nida became increasingly ecumenical and New Evangelical
(clarification needed) in his approach. 

In 1943, Nida received his Ph.D. in Linguistics from the University of Michigan.
He was ordained as a Baptist minister. He married Althea Lucille Sprague, who
died in 1993. In 1997, he married María Elena Fernandez-Miranda, a lawyer and
diplomatic attache. 

Nida retired in the early 1980s, although he continued to give lectures in
universities all around the world, and lived in Alpine, Arizona, USA; Madrid,
Spain and Brussels, Belgium. He died in Madrid on August 25, 2011 aged 96. 

Theories 

Nida has been a pioneer in the fields of translation theory and linguistics. 

His Ph.D. dissertation, A Synopsis of English Syntax, was the first full-scale
analysis of a major language according to the "immediate-constituent" theory.
His textbook Morphology: The Descriptive Analysis of Words was one of the major
works of American Structuralism. It remained the only thorough introduction to
the field for decades and is still valuable for its many examples and exercises.

His most notable contribution to translation theory is Dynamic Equivalence, also
known as Functional Equivalence. For more information, see "Dynamic and formal
equivalence." Nida also developed the componential analysis technique, which
split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation
(e.g. "bachelor" = male + unmarried). This is, perhaps, not the best example of
the technique, though it is the most well-known. 

Nida's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of
philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text (ST) can be
achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page, and that meaning
is self-contained within the text (i.e. much more focused on achieving semantic
equivalence). 

This theory, along with other theories of correspondence in translating, are
elaborated in his essay Principles of Correspondence, where Nida begins by
asserting that given that "no two languages are identical, either in the
meanings given to corresponding symbols or in the ways in which symbols are
arranged in phrases and sentences, it stands to reason that there can be no
absolute correspondence between languages. 

Hence, there can be no fully exact translations." While the impact of a
translation may be close to the original, there can be no identity in detail. 

Nida then sets forth the differences in translation, as he would account for it,
within three basic factors: 

The nature of the message: in some messages the content is of primary
consideration, and in others the form must be given a higher priority. 

The purpose of the author and of the translator: to give information on both
form and content; to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may
understand the full implications of the message; for imperative purposes that
aim at not just understanding the translation but also at ensuring no
misunderstanding of the translation. 

The type of audience: prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and
in potential interest. 

Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as "identical
equivalents" in translating, what one must in translating seek to do is find the
"closest natural equivalent". Here he identifies two basic orientations in
translating based on two different types of equivalence: Formal Equivalence
(F-E) and Dynamic Equivalence (D-E). 

F-E focuses attention on the message itself, in both form and content. Such
translations then would be concerned with such correspondences as poetry to
poetry, sentence to sentence, and concept to concept. Such a formal orientation
that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a "gloss
translation" in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and
meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original. 

The principles governing an F-E translation would then be: reproduction of
grammatical units; consistency in word usage; and meanings in terms of the
source context. 

Jared Padalecki 

Jared Tristan Padalecki (born July 19, 1982) [1] is an American actor. He is
best known for playing the role of Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural.
He grew up in Texas and rose to fame in the early 2000s after appearing on the
television series Gilmore Girls as well as the films New York Minute and House
of Wax. 

Early life 

Padalecki was born in San Antonio, Texas, to Gerald and Sherri Padalecki. [1]
[2] His father is of Polish descent, while his mother has German, Scottish,
French, and English ancestry. [3] 

Education 

He was a 2000 candidate for the Presidential Scholars Program. [1] In 1998,
Padalecki and his partner Chris Cardenas won the National Forensic League
national championship in Duo Interpretation. [4] Although he had originally
planned to attend the University of Texas after graduating from high school in
2000, Jared decided to move Los Angeles, California instead to pursue an acting
career. [1] 

Career 

Padalecki won Fox Broadcasting's 1999 "Claim to Fame Contest"; he subsequently
appeared at the Teen Choice Awards, where he met an agent. [5] His first role
was a minor role in the 1999 film A Little Inside. In 2000, he was cast as Dean
Forester on the television series Gilmore Girls, a role he played until 2005.
Throughout the early 2000s he appeared in several made-for-television films,
including Silent Witness, Close to Home, and the Disney Channel Original Movie A
Ring of Endless Light. [6] [7] 

Padalecki had an uncredited role as a high school bully in 2003's comedy Cheaper
by the Dozen, which he played after being asked by fellow actor and friend Tom
Welling, who played Charlie Baker, and the director of the movie, who wanted
someone larger than Charlie to pick on him. Padalecki originally auditioned for
Welling's role, but gave it up in order to film a pilot titled Young MacGyver
which was never picked up. [8] 

In 2004, he appeared in the Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen comedy New York Minute as
Trey Lipton, a cute boy to whom the Olsens' characters are attracted. He also
landed a short role in the thriller Flight of the Phoenix alongside Dennis Quaid
and Hugh Laurie. In 2005, Padalecki starred opposite Elisha Cuthbert, Chad
Michael Murray, and Paris Hilton in House of Wax as Wade. In 2005, he appeared
in Cry Wolf, another horror film, as Tom. [9] 

That same year, Padalecki was cast as Sam Winchester on the WB series,
Supernatural. Sam and his brother Dean (Jensen Ackles) drive throughout the
United States hunting paranormal predators, fighting demons and angels, and
dealing with all manner of fantasy & sci-fi genre. The show is currently in its
fourteenth season on the CW. It owns the title of the longest-running North
American sci-fi series in history. [10] 

In 2007, Jared served as the host of MTV's horror reality series, Room 401,
which was discontinued after only eight episodes due to poor ratings. [11] 

He had the lead role in 2008's The Christmas Cottage as Thomas Kinkade,
alongside acclaimed actor Peter O'Toole. 

He also had the lead role in the 2009 version of Friday the 13th as Clay Miller,
a character who heads out to Camp Crystal Lake in search of his sister who has
gone missing. [12] 

Personal life 

Padalecki's engagement to his Supernatural co-star Genevieve Cortese was
announced in January 2010. They met when Cortese guest starred as Ruby on the
show's fourth season. Padalecki proposed to her in front of their favorite
painting, "Joan of Arc", by French realist Jules Bastien-Lepage at New York's
Metropolitan Museum of Art in October 2009. [13] [14] [15] [16] The pair married
on February 27, 2010, in Cortese's hometown of Sun Valley, Idaho. On October 10,
2011, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child together.
Their son, Thomas Colton Padalecki, was born on March 19, 2012. On December 22,
2013, Cortese gave birth to their second son, Austin Shepherd "Shep" Padalecki.
Their daughter, Odette Elliott Padalecki, was born on March 17, 2017. [17] [18]
The couple resides in Austin, Texas with their three children. 

Padalecki and Supernatural co-stars Jensen Ackles and Misha Collins supported
Beto O'Rourke for the 2018 Senate election in Texas. [19] 

Always Keep Fighting 

In March 2015, Padalecki launched his Always Keep Fighting campaign through
Represent.com. His first campaign raised funds for To Write Love On Her Arms,
which supports people struggling with depression, addiction, self-injury, and
suicide. The cause is particularly close to Padalecki, who has been candid about
his own struggles with depression. [20] For the second campaign in the Always
Keep Fighting series in April 2015, Padalecki partnered with co-star Jensen
Ackles to release a shirt featuring both of their faces, to benefit their newly
formed joint charitable fund. Over 70,000 shirts were sold. [21] [22] Most
recently, Padalecki launched a third campaign selling a further 40,000 shirts.
[23] 

During San Diego Comic-Con 2015, more than 6,000 fans surprised Padalecki at the
Supernatural panel by holding up candles for him, after having revealed his
battle with depression earlier in the year. [24] 

Theodorus of Tabennese 

Theodorus of Tabennese (c. 314 – 368), also known as Abba Theodorus and Theodore
the Sanctified was the spiritual successor to Pachomius and played a crucial
role in preventing the first Christian cenobitic monastic federation from
collapsing after the death of its founder. 

Icon of St. Theodorus of Tabennese 

Biography 

According to hagiography, Theodorus was born into a wealthy Christian family and
was well educated from a young age. Early in life he denied the excesses of his
parents, and at the age of fourteen joined a monastery in the diocese of Sne,
near the modern town of Esna, Egypt. A brother from Theodorus’ monastery stayed
with Pachomius in Tabennese while traveling and preached of the virtues of the
Koinonia upon his return to Sne. Praying and weeping, Theodorus became
determined that his destiny lay with Pachomius. Although initially denied
passage to Tabennese by a Pachomian monk due to his wealthy background,
Theodorus opted to follow the visiting monk, and his persistence (and lack of
obedience) paid off. He was welcomed by Pachomius upon his arrival, and quickly
integrated into the community at Tabennese around 328. 

Quickly becoming a favorite of Pachomius, Theodorus lived an enviably ascetic
life in the monastery, and took on the title of the "brothers’ comforter".
Theodorus asserted his influence openly (which resulted in reprimands from
Pachomius) and generally maintained himself as a prominent figure at Tabennese
for several years, despite never being given a position of power in the monastic
hierarchy. Finally, Pachomius called on him to preach to the brothers despite
his youth, and eventually appointed him steward of Tabennese after several new
monasteries had been built. Retiring to the monastery of Phbow, Pachomius gave
Theodorus complete control over Tabennese, though recalled him from the position
after witnessing several monks under Theodorus’ watch violating the monastic
rules without reprimand. Having failed to prove his governing ability and once
more in a position no higher than when he had entered the monastery, Theodorus
became a personal assistant to Pachomius and remained relatively quiet for some
years. Despite his clear potential and popularity, Pachomius refused to grant
Theodorus any kind of authority; though the old man's failing health soon
changed things forever. 

After Theodorus had been assisting Pachomius at Tabennese for several years
following his demotion, Pachomius became very ill and seemed to be on the verge
of death. Pachomius had not named a successor, and several brothers pleaded with
Theodorus to assert himself as head of the Koinonia when the sickly man died.
Despite the assertion that Theodorus apparently did not want the rank of a
father or this world's glory, he consented. Unfortunately for the would-be
leader, Pachomius recovered, and upon hearing of Theodorus’ decision, exiled the
ambitious young man. After living a life of constant weeping and prayer in
solitude, Pachomius forgave Theodorus and allowed him to live among the brothers
once more. Normalcy returned, though never again would Pachomius fully trust his
former protégé. 

In 348 Pachomius died, naming the brother Petronios as his successor rather than
the clearly qualified Theodorus. The death of Petronios later that year would
leave Apa Horsiesios in charge, and the popular Theodorus would retreat to the
distant monastery of Phnoum. Although it seems Theodorus practiced complete
submission to the new leader of the Koinonia, problems soon arose in several
Pachomian monasteries that viewed Horsiesios as a weak leader. Refusing to work
or communicate and demanding a new leader, many of the elder monks completely
abandoned any notion of obedience to Horsiesios. The federation of monasteries
was falling apart, and Theodorus rushed to Tabennese to placate the rebels. Soon
after his arrival, Theodorus was the new de facto leader, though he claimed to
be only acting on behalf of Horsiesios. For eighteen years Theodorus
administered from Pachomius’ old headquarters in Phbow, using techniques far
more assertive than his predecessors, such as constantly shuffling the offices
and locations of the most ambitious monks. Yet in spite of this somewhat
unstable shifting, the Koinonia was ruled peacefully for nearly two decades, at
which point Theodorus predicted he would soon die. Within a few months his
prediction came true, and Apa Horsiesios once more took his place as the head of
the communities in both title and authority. [1] 

Cool. Alright folks. Well alreet, well alroot, well alright. By now I'm sure
you're wondering about the different things that I have on the table here, but
first, I would like to talk to you about these three items. I have here, some
ice in a pan, water in this glass, and steam rising from this pot. Now, I would
like to ask you, how these three things. Tell me please. How are they all alike.
These three things. This ice here in this pan. This water in this glass, and the
steam rising from this pot, just yell it out, we are informal here, yes.
Correct. They are all forms of water. This ice here of course is water, I told
you there was water in this glass, and you have all seen water boil at home, so
you are familiar with steam. But now let's try to figure out how they're
different, we'll look at temperature, first. And the temperature of this water
here, the ice, is, about uh twenty-four – woo- nineteen degrees. Very cold. The
temperature of this w- water here, is sixty-four degrees, the temperature of
this steam, is, I know it's hotter than that. Yeah, it's about a hundred and
eleven degrees. Okay. Fahrenheit. Okay. Oh, and by the way guys, what do we call
something that's hard, like this ice here, or a table, or a rock? We call it a?

Solid. 

Very good. You should g- — you should be a choir. You should go out on the road
there, like, yeah. 

We are. 

Y- — Oh well, I'm glad to meet you. Please give me your itinerary after the
show. Yes. Yes. Of course we call it a sholids. A solid. And a solid has one
shape. The shape that it starts out with. And what do we call something that you
— that you can splish splash? Take a bath in. Anything wet like soda or milk. 

Liquid. 

You're not gonna let me finish, are you? Yes, we call it a? 

Liquid. 

Very good. And a liquid can change its shape, to f- completely fill the bottom
of whatever container you put it in. And finally, what do we call something
that's loose, and floating around like this steam here? Or a cloud, or the air
we breathe, we call it a? 

Gas. 

Correct. A gas. And a gas completely fills whatever shape container you put it
in. And so, how do you get water to change, from a solid, to a liquid, to a gas,
and back and forth? 

Add energy. 

Woo. I like the way he expressed that. Never before have I heard it, add or
subtract energy, or, heat, change the temperature, basically. Correct? Alright.
Well folks, now I'm going to show you something else that happens when you
change the temperature, and that's where these balloons come in. I have here a
number of balloons, but, l- let's see how many of these balloons, I can fit,
into this little itty-bitty container here. Well, everybody count together. This
would be ... 

There's a- in there. 

You think, well, okay, w- th- th-, I'm glad I never saw d- Citizen Kane with
you. Rosebud is a sled. Okay. Well, let's all count together folks, that was? 

One. 

One. 

Very good. One balloon going into the little container here. And this would be
... 

Two. 

Two. Very good counting there. Two. Excellent. Two balloons going into the
little container here. Ah, they're not fitting in so easily. Oh no. So hopefully
I can fit all balloons into this little container here. Oh stop guessing at what
this is. Let's have some suspense here. Come on. Alright. And this would be? 

Three. 

Three. Very good. Three balloons going onto the the little container there.
Three balloons. Three, yes, the balloon trinity. And now, this would be? 

Eight. 

Four. 

Four. Very good. At first he was confused, but then he figured it out. Everybody
tell him what this is, it's ... 

Seven. 

It's four. Boy you people didn't watch enough Sesame Street as a child. This
would be? 

Five. 

Thank you very much, yes. Five swollen balloons. In. In. Down. Down. Ah, ah.
Okay. And this would be? 

Six. 

Six, good. And let's do this uh, let's add some complexities to this here, let's
do it in another language. In Spanish it would be? 

Ocho. 

Seis. 

S- seis. N- ocho. Oh my gosh. I'm afraid for our nation. Okay, well, and this
would be? 

Siete. 

Thank you. Seven. Right? Seven. Okay. And finally, this would be? 

Eight. 

Ocho. 

Eight, or ocho in Spanish, and uh huit in French, thank you very much. I thought
you were telling me your breakfast. What you had for b- — But no, huit. Very
good. Oh my gosh, eight balloons into this little container here, I bet you're
wondering r- how that happened. 

You popped two. 

There's a hole in it. 

Well, there's a hole, no, if you're thinking there's a hole, think again.
Because, there's no hole in the counter at all. 

Pull em out. 

You slowed down the molecules, 

Well – la duh dah dih duh duh, you're getting a little ahead of me son. Let's
all figure it out together. 

So you don't need to go borrow equipment from anybody, to to do the feet? Do the
hooves? 

Well, we're gonna have to find somewhere, to get, something 

So, Mae - 

I'm gonna 

Mae Lynne 

We're not gonna do the feet today, I'm gonna wait till like, early in the
morning, to do those, cause y- I mean you get so tired. N- you just, it takes
well, it takes me longer than most people, cause you know, I'm not as strong
and, and I'm not as good, as like somebody that would do it all the time. You
know. I mean, oh I mean I trim horses, and stuff like that, but I mean, I'm not
like, I'm not uh,. I don't know how to say it. But you know, they do it for a
living. You know, most people that you would get to trim your horse do it all
the time. And I'm not that good or, and I'm not very strong. 

Did they train you — 

Yeah. 

Did they train you that — 

Yeah. Yeah. 

So you have your own equipment, but — 

No. I don't have my own equipment at all. Dad, you know, has done some of it.
That's another thing too, is I kinda had a b- general idea, of kinda how to do
it, just watching him. Or — and watching, people come to our place, and doing it
and stuff you know. And, I don't know. Then, down there, um, it's mandatory. You
have to — to graduate, you know, or well, to get the degree, you know, you have
to take this class. And you can only take — if you want to, you can only take it
for eight weeks. And, if you wanna go on in it, you n- — then, you can go on.
You know. And I decided to go ahead and go on in it. And the first part of it,
is like, well we have lecture, then we have lab. And like, the first part of it,
we just go into the classroom, and he like ... In the beginning of the year
there was a lot of classroom work. I mean, it — that's just kinda how it
happens, you know, because he kinda has to tell you ... They go over the whole,
the whole part of the horse. I mean, all the skeleton part of it you know, and —
and they go through every kinda ligament. And I mean, there's, millions of
ligaments, and millions of tendons, you know, well not millions, but, I mean ...

Yeah, I bet. 

And then, so we had to know these tendons, and ligaments, and then, all the
bones, and, you know, all the way up – from the shoulder down, and then from the
hip down. You know, all the way down to the hoof, and then, the bone in the
hoof, and, then all the wall, and, you know, of the hoof, and, what everything
was called there, and then, he went over on how to trim it, and where you — Th-
there's a white line, that you go by, and a horse has this little white line,
and you clean it out with the — with the hoof knife. You know? And then there —
and then you can see this little white line? And that's kinda where you go by,
to — You know, the horse kinda helps you out, because it, has that little white
line right there. 

Mhm. 

And that's where you kinda — kinda need a little guide, of where you trim. And,
I am still scared to do it. Because, you know, I mean, you can make a horse go
lame, by doing it. 

Really? 

Well you can trim em too short. And make em, you know, and they're just a little
bit, for f- the first couple of days, you know, I mean they're just sore. That's
not bad, but sometimes you can get it really bad. You can really make a horse
really bad. And they m- You know then, they have to, like, keep em, away from
anything, you know, get em really in the soft ground, and, no hard pebbles, or
hard clods of dirt or anything? So, I don't know. I'm a little scared about
doing it yet. You know, I get em really long. I mean they're still long, when I
get done with them. A lot of times, like, I'll get done, and I'll think I'm
done, and I'll look at - look down at the horse's hoof, and it's still, it's too
long. And then like, I would never, ever, ever, trust myself, to shoe a horse.
See we did that too. We did — we did a lot of stuff. We did a lot of stuff with
the — like we had the, um, the burners? You know, and you'd put the — you'd have
— you started out with the straight iron? You know? And you'd stick it into the,
into the, you know like, actual blacksmithing. And you'd put it into the hot
coals, you know? And then, we'd — I I – straight bar. And we'd make it a — a
horseshoe out of it, you know? But, these shoes we never did put on a horse. We
just put the shoes that were already made, on a horse. And that's as far as we
got. I mean, if you would really get into it, well as a matter of fact, this is
really funny. You know, there isn't really any girl farriers around anywhere.
They're really — 

Farrier? 

Th – yeah. Farrier is what they're called. And the m- — the reason they were
showing us this at college, was just, to get us, to know if our trimmer, and
shoer was doing it right, and — plus the knowledge of knowing the bones and
ligaments. Which we, we had it in another class too. We — that was kind of a
double thing that, we had in — in another class, so it was kinda review for us.
Well it was a review for some people, depending on what time of the year you
took it. You know. If it was a review or not. But, anyway, um, what was I gonna
say? I forgot what I was think- — 

You said you never made the horseshoes. 

Gonna say. 

But. 

Well, w- um, when we put em on a horse's hoof, all we do, they're already made.
They're round. We pick out a size. You know we'd like look at the horse's hoof,
and say, okay, this is a double-aught. This is an aught. This is, you know. What
s- — what size. And double-aught and aught, are the ones that are most popular.
For, you know, the light horse. You know, I mean, you get into the big horses,
the — like the Clydesdales, Shires, that's a d- — a whole different thing. Or
ponies, that's a whole different thing. But we're talking just the regular,
light horses you know. 

We need a — Do you have any sharp objects on you? 

No. Keys? 

No I need like a little pin or something. You have a pencil? 

You have anything in your hair? 

No. 

Fuck. 

What do you have to hit? 

See this is the little - 

Oh. Oh oh. 

Cool? 

Okay. Alright. See, it was just slow. Okay. This is me? Is this me? 

Yeah. Yeah. Jennifer. 

Oh. That's right. 

There you go thinking again. 

Smart ass. Smart ass. Alright. 

Wow. Who took over uh ... 

Oh. They got North America. But not for long. Oh, my God. 

Oh my God, did you see that? 

Because player thr- player three is aggressive, so he's gonna like go for
everything. 

How do you know? Did I make him aggressive? 

Yeah, you made him aggressive, so, he's gonna like, try to tear everything up
now. Um, that's pretty well, like secure right there, so maybe — That's me. 

Oh fuck. 

Wow, he wiped my ass out. 

Ah, you suck. Watch this. Loser. 

What else can we do tomorrow? 

Besides go to the movies, t-? 

Go out to dinner? 

I'm so not hungry right now, it's hard for me to think about food. 

Alright. 

I'd like to go out to dinner though. Think we can find a hot dog? 

Yeah, that's a good idea. That's an excellent idea. 

There you go thinking again again. 

There you go thinking again. 

I'm gonna whip your butt. 

You think so, hunh? 

Yeah. 

Un-unh. That's all I get? 

That's me, right? 

Yeah you get a percentage of the amount of countries you own, and then, for
continents you get another set amount. 

So can I get something on this bad boy? 

Yeah. See? 

So I hit okay? 

Yeah. Hit okay. 

See you got one of each kind of card. 

Excellent. Oh okay. So I get ... 

So you got ten, looks like sixteen. 

Sixteen? 

Who you gonna trounce on? That's you up there, too, right there, you know. 

That's me right there, too. 

Oh yeah. 

Um ... 

When w- you take over another person, you take a — you get, their cards. 

The MSG in that Chinese food really got me high for a little bit. Does MSG
affect you? 

No. Not really. It affects my mother. Gives her headaches. 

Are you gonna attack over there? 

I don't know. Thirteen. That leaves me with thirteen. I wanna fortify. 

You can't move those to there, because they're not touching. 

W- w- well that's kind of bogus. 

Nun-unh. 

Maybe I'll move em right there. 

Done. 

Done. 

Oh fuck. 

Oh. 

Who's this guy? 

Player six. 

Yakutsk. Look at that. See if I have any cards. 

Oh, I got a set. 

You know what I think, I think the first time that it does the card mode, it
takes a long time. 

Yeah. Yeah. 

You remember the last time, that's what happened. 

Yeah. 

You remember? 

Yeah. 

Look at you being smart. 

I'm not smart? 

You're stupid. 

Don't call me stupid. 

Mm. Alright. 

Look at you with the uh little armies down here. 

Big armies. 

Trying to — trying to win. 

I got big armies, buddy. 

Trying to conquer the world. 

I'm gonna conquer — I'm gonna conquer you. 

Probably. 

Ooh. He's giving you some problems over there. 

He is indeed. 

Go for that one. Go into Europe. Get Europe. 

Oops. You won't attack me yet. I think I'll stop there. 

Hmm. 

I only have uh, that many cards, so ... 

How many cards you have? You only have two. 

Just two. 

So you can't have a set. 

When do you get — h- — when do you get cards though? I don't understand that. 

Every time you take over a country you get cards. 

What row? 

Attack with the twenty-two. Press twenty-two, attack. 

Wow. 

Look at that. 

Oh, see look, you just got all of his cards. 

Press okay. 

Bonus? 

Oh my God. Fuck. 

Fuck. 

Fuck fuck fuck. Oh man. Look at that. Twenty-seven. Twenty-nine. Th – twenty-one
two three four five six seven eight. Twenty-eight. Don't you fucking attack me.
You ass. You asshole. 

Two — hmm. 

I'm tired. 

The Last Christmas of Mrs. Claus 

by Alex Wilson 

Betty was thirty-eight and still believed in Santa Claus. But sometimes he could
be such an asshole. 

She leaned against the kitchen counter, picking dried glaze from the wrinkles in
the back of her hand. From the wireless headset that dangled from her neck, her
old marine buddies called to her with joyous profanity and the bass of digital
gunfire. The Xbox was upstairs. Her buddies were in San Diego and Cleveland.
Satellite coverage in Santa’s Village was just another Christmas miracle, like
faster-than-light travel and stuffing oneself through gas fireplaces with
neither explosions nor lawsuits nipping at your heels. 

It was six o’clock. Santa had said he needed to leave at eight. So Betty had
made Christmas Eve dinner while listening to — instead of participating in — the
big special ops campaign game online. She’d garlic-salted the yams to the tune
of Gomez unloading his Glock into a drug dealer. She’d painted the ham with
maple glaze while Williams punctuated Patty Smyth’s “Goodbye to You” with bursts
from his assault rifle. “Her boys,” as she called them, didn’t take a lot of
eggnog in their rum. 

Santa had spent his day opening envelopes from North American children and
falling asleep watching the Pittsburgh-Cleveland game in the media room. Now he
was in the kitchen, awake and on his way out the door, because suddenly spending
fifteen minutes eating dinner with his wife had become too much of a burden on
this most wonderful night of the year. 

His white V-neck undershirt was tucked into his pants in front, pulled taught
over his belly. It stretched the neckhole halfway down to his happy trail. His
hands were finding their way through the armholes of his robe. 

“It’s just that there are more children in the world now,” he said. 

“And Santa’s not getting any younger, ho ho ho.” 

“Don’t get much older either,” Betty said. Santa’s first wife had died centuries
ago, but he always just dismissed the question of his own mortality. Betty never
knew how naughty she should feel about wanting to strangle him sometimes. 

“You’re seriously going to let me eat alone again on Christmas Eve?” 

“Don’t think of it like that, doll,” Santa said. 

“Think of the children.” He slung his belt around his back, and gave it a quick
tug. His waist shrunk from dangerously obese to barely jolly. A few crumpled
bills in American currency fell out of his pocket. Santa bent down to pick them
up, mumbling about “emergency money.” 

“Can’t you get dressed in the bedroom like a normal person?” Betty asked. 

Distorted shouting erupted from Betty’s headset. She imagined red and yellow
mosaic bursts lighting up the sunless snowscape outside, as if there was an HDTV
behind the blinds instead of their kitchen window. One of her boys probably
stepped on a landmine. Williams, she guessed. She thought she could hear Gomez
laughing. 

She picked up the pans in which she’d made the potatoes and maple glaze. She put
them in the sink to soak. The gingerbread batter bowl could wait a day, even
though it would take longer to clean tomorrow. For now, she appreciated its
fight to cover the ham-stink that coated the room. 

The jingle bell chimed on Santa’s cell. 

“Nutcrackers,” he said. 

“Santa can’t reach it, and it’s probably Ginny. Would you be a doll?” 

“Your secretary’s calling, and you need me to answer it? How efficient.” Betty
wiped her fingers on a hand-towel. She lifted her headset’s microphone to her
mouth. 

“Moroz out. Back in five.” 

“Copy that,” Gomez said on the other end. 

“It’ll take that long to put Humpty back together again anyway.” 

Betty switched off her headset mic. She unclipped the cell phone from the back
of Santa’s girdle, and pushed the button with the green arrow, serrated to look
like a double-edged diving knife. Or a Christmas tree, if that was more your
thing. 

“Hey Ginny,” Betty said into the phone. 

“Oh hello, Mrs. Claus,” Ginny said. 

“Merry Christmas.” 

“For heaven’s sake, call me Betty.” 

“Sorry, Mrs. Claus. Has Mr. Claus left yet?” 

“On his way,” Betty said. 

“He was just thinking of the children. One at a time. He’s very thorough.” 

“How wonderful!” 

When Tyler was very young, his grandmother was his favorite person in the world
because, unlike his parents, who believed that children should always be told
the truth as adults understood it, she would fill in the gaps in his knowledge —
Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, God. His parents were always too busy and often a
little too serious, but his grandmother had a sense of peace about her, a
lightness that lifted his spirit. A few times, when Tyler’s parents were away,
she took him with her to church. He remembered liking the singing and the
colorful windows, and how safe he felt there, in that large, empty space,
sitting on a hard bench next to her warmth. 

When she died, grief overwhelmed Tyler. But like most adults, when he grew older
he could only recall the intensity of that love in childhood in an abstract way.
He made the common error of identifying maturity with worth, and assumed that
the love he had for her as a young child must have been lacking in strength and
depth. 

For many years after her death, however, Tyler was tortured by the memory of a
certain visit from her. He was five or so, and they were playing some board game
at the kitchen table. As he swung his legs in his excitement, he kicked her
repeatedly in the shins. She asked him to stop, and he refused, giggling. When
she finally frowned at him and threatened to stop playing if he didn’t stop he
told her to go to Hell. 

In Tyler’s mind he could see her face grow taut, lose color, and then, for the
only time he could remember, she began to cry. He also remembered his own utter
confusion. His parents did not have much use for religion and so for him Hell
was a word without much mystery or power. At that time he knew only vaguely that
Hell was a place you did not want to go, like the dark basement or the even
darker attic. He remembered feeling resentful that she was crying and he did not
even understand why. 

Tyler felt the guilt of this memory even in his teenage years. For him it summed
up all his insecurities and fears about his own cruelty, ignorance, and the
possibility that he was, in reality, not a good person. The fact that he had
caused someone who loved him such pain with so little effort and understanding
troubled him deeply. 

One day Tyler looked through an old family photo album, and in it was a picture
of the kitchen in the house they used to live in. He was surprised to discover
that the small kitchen contained a central island, and had no space for the
table in his memory at all. 

With the discovery of that single error in his memory came a cascade of other
revelations. Now he remembered that they always ate in the dining room, and when
they did play board games, it was always on the coffee table in the living room.
The memory that had caused him such pain over the years could not possibly have
occurred. Somehow, he must have manufactured the whole scene in his imagination.

It was not very hard to explain what really happened, he thought. The death of
his grandmother had probably caused in him feelings of abandonment and guilt. In
his confusion he had taken elements from storybooks and imagined out of nothing
this memory to punish himself. This was the sort of fantasy that could have
occurred to any young child who lost an important relative. With that
realization, the image of his grandmother crying faded in his memory and became
less and less believable. 

Tyler thought he was very lucky to have discovered the single error in his false
memory, which enabled him to reason his way into distinguishing between reality
and fantasy. He felt that it was a coming-of-age moment. 

Nonetheless, he admitted to himself that he was a little sad also at the
discovery. For however imaginary that memory was, it was also a part of his love
for his grandmother. When that memory lost its compelling aura of truth, it was
like another part of her died with it. He had no name for the emptiness that
remained. 

Everyone’s just watching the weird retarded girl except this one chubby guy
who’s trying to get her to put down the lights but who’s afraid to touch her. 

“Not supposed to touch those,” he says. 

“Where’s your mom? Is your mom here?” 

“Sorry!” I say. 

The chubby guy frowns at me. 

“Cara,” I say. 

“No hands.” 

Cara looks at me, looks at the lights. I gently try to take them. 

“No!” she wails. 

“Pretty!” 

“I’m sorry,” I say, “I’m her brother. 

She’s developmentally delayed. 

Cara! Cara, no. No hands.” 

She wails, but lets me disentangle her hands. 

“I’m sorry,” I say again, the concerned big brother. 

“I was just looking around and thought she was right with me, you know? Our
mom’s down at Dillard’s.” 

Chubby guy kind of hovers until I get the lights away from Cara and as soon as I
put them on the shelf he grabs them and starts straightening them out and
draping them back over the display. 

I herd Cara towards the front of the store, mouthing sorry at the front cashier.
She’s kind of pretty. She smiles at me. Nice big brother with retarded sister. 

Back out in the mall, Cara is wailing, which could start an asthma attack, so to
distract her I say, “You want a cookie?” 

Mom has Cara on a diet, so of course she wants a cookie. She perks up the way
Shelby, our Shetland Sheepdog does, when you say ‘treat.’ I take her to the food
court and buy her an M&M cookie and buy myself a Mountain Dew and then while
she’s eating her cookie, I pull the deck of cards out of my pocket and unwrap
it. We’ve got another fifteen minutes before we have to meet my mom. 

The idea is to play fish except every time you get a match you’re supposed to do
what it says. Tie partner’s hands with a silk scarf. Kiss anywhere you like and
see how long your partner can keep from moving or making any noise. The one who
lasts the longest gets to draw an extra card. 

Tame, but pretty cool. I can’t wait to show Toph and Len. 

Cara has chocolate smeared on her mouth, but she lets me wipe her face off. 

“You ready to go back to see Mom?” I say. 

When we pass Spencer’s again, she stops. “Uhhh,” she says, pointing to the
store. Mom always tries to get her to say what she wants, but I know what she
wants and I don’t want to fight with her. 

“No,” I say. 

“Let’s go see Mom.” 

Cara’s face crumples up and she hunches her thick shoulders. “Uhhh,” she says,
mad. 

“It’s okay,” I say. 

“Come on.” 

She swings at me. I grab her hand and pull her behind me. She tries to sit down,
but I just keep on tugging and she follows me, gulping and wailing. 

“What did you do?” my mom says when she sees us. My mom had to buy stuff, like
gym shorts for me and underwear for herself, so I told her that I’d take Cara
with me while she bought her stuff. She’s holding a Dillard’s bag. 

“She wanted to go in Spencer’s,” I say. 

“We went in but she kept grabbing stuff and I had to take her out and now she’s
upset.” 

“Robert,” my mom says, irritated. She crouches down. 

“Ah, Cara mia, don’t cry.” 

We trail out of the store, Cara holding Mom’s hand and sniffling. 

By the time we get to the car, though, Cara’s wheezing. Mom digs out Cara’s
inhaler and Cara dutifully takes a hit. I tried it once and it was pretty
dreadful. It felt really weird, trying to get that stuff in my lungs, and it
made me feel a little buzzy but it didn’t even feel good, so it’s pretty amazing
that Cara will do it. 

Cara sits in her booster seat in the back of the car, wheezing all the way home,
getting worse and worse, and by the time we pull in the driveway, she’s got that
white look around her mouth. 

“Robert,” Mom says, 

“I’m going to have to take her to the Emergency Room.” 

“Okay,” I say and get out of the car. 

“You want to call your dad?” Mom asks. 

“I don’t know how long we’ll be.” Mom checks her watch. It’s three something
now. 

“We may not be home in time for dinner.” 

I don’t want to call my dad who is probably with Joyce, his girlfriend, anyway.
Joyce is always trying to be likable and it gets on my nerves after awhile — she
tries way too hard. “I can just make a sandwich,” I say. 

“I want you to stay at home, then,” she says. 

“I’ve got my cell phone if you need to call.” 

“Can Toph and Len come over?” I ask. 

She sighs. 

“Okay. But no roughhousing. Remember you have school tomorrow.” She opens the
garage door so I can get in. 

I stand there and watch her back down the driveway. She turns back, watching
where she’s going, and she needs to get her hair done again because I can really
see the gray roots. Cara is watching me through the watery glass, her mouth a
little open. I wave good-bye. 

I’m glad they’re gone. 

The day it rained in the garden 

The first drops of rain fell onto the parched stones from a cloudless blue sky.
They disappeared immediately, drunk down into the mineral silence. 

The garden paused, and everything held its breath and waited. More rain would
come. Everyone knew, beyond belief or necessity that the time had come. And with
it, the rain. 

Heavy oily drops bounced from leaf to grass to dusty ground, gathering in stems
and folds on the way. Yet still the sky was a hard polished blue with not a
cloud in sight. 

Still the garden held its breath. It would not be long now. 

A spattering of drops plucked memories from deep in the roots, shivering through
shoots and tendrils, humus and stone. Wispy vapour trails marbled the blue
surface above. 

And then it rained for good. 

We sat on the porch watching, no longer daring to dart out and leap around in
the downfall as drops turned to torrents and the staccato tapping on the roof
climaxed to a thunderous roar. 

Pools erupted and overflowed along the edges of the lawn, cascading around the
raspberry canes and over the flower beds. Earthworms rose up from the
water-laden earth where they could no longer breath and wriggled and struggled
fro air on the surface, writhing and swimming for a safe haven. 

Water burst over the barrels and cans standing under the eaves and gutters,
flooding the pathways, carrying away all that wasn’t fixed solid and licking at
the stairs to the back porch before climbing each step and lapping against the
planks we were sitting on, a wooden raft surrounded by angry water and martial
beat drum, drum, drumming on the roof above. 

We slipped out feet over the sides and when we felt the fish, some as big as
logs, some as small as leaves, nibble at our feet, we leant over to watch them
fraying and frolicking under the choppy surface. 

Waves lapped at the porch, washing away the boxes, and bowls, and the dog’s
basket. The rocking chair, the watering can, boxes of cuttings, and tied-up
newspapers, all floated away as we slammed the kitchen door shut and retreated
to the front room we gazed out at the river that the street had become. The sky
was pewter smeared with charcoal now, and pressed down hard on the rooftops,
slowly dissolving everything below. 

When the water rippled into the hallway, we splashed our way to the staircase
and then up as it nipped at our heels. 

Outside the other houses were rocks surrounded by sea with mermaids swimming all
around, flapping their scaly tails and hauling themselves up, to fall backwards
into the crest of the oncoming waves. And as they swam they sang, their voices
born on the winds and the salt and the rain, and we could hear them singing, He
is coming, He is coming. And they combed their long hair in preparation. 

We waved and called, and they laughed and played, tantalising, their seaweed
locks just out of reach. With a flick of the tail they were off, still singing,
He is coming, He is coming, until their voices were lost in the noise of the
rain and the water. 

A great whiskered head arose, then a belly, wet and sleek, long enough to wrap
itself twice around the world. 

“Is it him?” we asked each other, nudging elbows and climbing onto the chairs.
We pulled off wet socks and shoes, letting them float away on the tide, before
the great worm turned and the wake engulfed the creaking, cracking house. 

We clambered up onto the roof, sliding on the tiles and clinging to chimney
stacks, sheltering our eyes from the driving downpour. The sky was black, and
the stormy sea all the deepest, darkest blues and greens and greys and flecked
with white where the sea-horses galloped. 

The waters broke making way for the gnarled head of a whale, spouting water high
against the clouds before opening its whiskered maw and in a looming, booming
voice called: He is coming, He is coming. 

The chimneys washed away, so we scrambled onto the blue-black back encrusted
with barnacles and cockles like stars in a night sky and held on tight as he
rode the waves, dipping and blowing, dipping and blowing. 

The wind and the rain tugged at our hair. And still it rained. 

We heard a fearsome creaking and cracking and before our eyes a great patch of
sky peeled away, deeping down in the troughs and riding the crests with torn
sails set against the wind. It was a galleon with masts like a dead man’s
fingers, tarred timbers groaning and a mermaid sat on the bow as he ship dipped
and passed. He is coming, He is coming, she sang out. 

And just as the wash hit us, prising us from the whale’s speckled back and down
into the sea, someone threw down a knotted rope and we hung on for dear life.
The singing sailors hauled us aboard chanting, He’s a coming-ha! He’s a
coming-ha! And we fell onto the deck like fish bursting from a net. 

The Captain stood above us dressed in jewels and finery from a thousand
pillagings. 

The Valley of Giants 

I had buried my parents in their gray marble mausoleum at the heart of the city.
I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the
river, where all the riverboatmen lie. And after the war, I had buried my
children, all four, in white linen shrouds in the new graveyards plowed into
what used to be our farmland: all the land stretching from the river delta to
the hills. 

I had one granddaughter who survived the war. I saw her sometimes: in a bright
pink dress, a sparkling drink in her hand, on the arm of some foreign officer
with brocade on his shoulders, at the edge of a marble patio. She never looked
back at me — poverty and failure and political disrepute being all, these days,
contagious and synonymous. 

The young were mostly dead, and the old men had been taken away, they told us,
to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to
contribute fully. So it was a city of grandmothers. And it was in a grandmother
bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders
of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants. 

We all laughed at the idea, except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge
caked in the creases of her face, who was incensed. “We live in the modern era!”
she cried. 

“You should be ashamed of yourself!" 

The traveler stood up from the table. She was bony and rough-skinned and bent
like an old crow, with a blue silk scarf and hanks of hair as black as soot. Her
eyes were veined with red. 

“Nonetheless,” the traveler said, and she walked out. 

They were laughing at the chemist as well as at the traveler. To find anyone
still proud, anyone who believed in giants or shame, was hilarious. The air of
the bar was acrid with triumph. Finding someone even more vulnerable and foolish
than we were, after everything had been taken from us — that was a delight. 

But I followed the traveler, into the wet streets. The smell of fish oozed from
the docks. Here and there were bits of charred debris in the gutters. I caught
her at her door. 

She invited me in for tea and massage. Her limbs were weathered and ringed, like
the branches of trees in the dry country. She smelled like honey that has been
kept a while in a dark room, a little fermented. A heady smell. 

In the morning, brilliant sunlight scoured the walls and the floor, and the
traveler and her pack were gone. 

I hurried home. My house had survived the war with all its brown clay walls
intact, though the garden and the courtyard were a heap of blackened rubble. My
house was empty and cold. 

I packed six loaves of flatbread, some olives, a hard cheese, one nice dress,
walking clothes, my pills and glasses, a jug of wine, a can-teen of water, and a
kitchen knife. I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while, looking at the
amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting. 

That granddaughter: her parents both worked in the vineyards, and when she was a
child, she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons. When she scraped her
knees bloody on the stones, she refused to cry. She would cry from frustration
when the older children could do something that she couldn't — like tie knots,
or catch a chicken. 

— Prologue — 

It had taken only a matter of hours for the Kethlan system to become a tumbling
sea of debris; the twisted and burnt-out remnants of a once glorious Imperial
nation. An empire whose costly mistakes would for many years to come echo into
every corner of the known galaxy. And with those mistakes would come death to
billions of innocent, unsuspecting lives. 

A starfighter hurtled through the scattered metal, the pilot desperate to find a
way to stop himself from joining the ever growing population of this
interstellar graveyard. 

Jacques Chalmers was not alone in his frustration with the current situation,
but he was doubtless one of the most panicked. He tried to steady himself as he
began cycling once again through the available display options for his
starfighter's radar system. His anxiety continued to grow with each passing
second, every change of the screen doing nothing to abate it. He stopped midway
through the calibration and glanced out of his cockpit. 

The scene was the same as it had been a few moments ago and it brought him no
comfort. He couldn't count the number of capital ships that dominated the
Enemy's frontline. Twenty? Thirty? Fifty? In his years of service to the
Imperial Naval Forces he had never seen anything like it, not even in archive
war footage. The enormous forms of the battleships loomed like giants atop a
hill, staring down upon a tiny village below. Then there were the Enemy
starfighters themselves: hundreds at least, swarming about like a huge wall of
locusts. 

Knowing that he had already been flying straight for longer than was advisable,
Chalmers altered his course to attempt to throw off any pursuers. 

* * * 

Not long before he had been standing on the flight deck of his deployment
carrier, amongst the other pilots, his heart pumping in his ears, his hands
sweating as he awaited the order to board his fighter. 

Chalmers saw his friends run forward as their names were called out, scrambling
into cockpits, pulling on helmets and performing last-minute safety checks.
Though most hid it well, he was convinced they were all as nervous and scared as
he was - knowing they could well be speeding only to their own deaths. As he
watched his friends' fighters hurtle down the catapult, his commanding officer
had addressed the last remaining pilots still standing on the flight deck. 

“Right, listen up,” he started. 

“This is where we must make our stand. The Enemy cannot be allowed to advance
any further. Tonight we fight the battle for Kethlan and for the Imperium; the
battle for our survival. Hundreds of millions of lives are depending on our
actions here. Make them proud!” 

Hundreds of millions? thought Chalmers. 

Is that all that's left? A few months ago it was billions. This day had crept
ever closer as cities, planets and then entire star systems had fallen to the
Enemy; to those damned Pandorans; to the Senate's mistake. How many of his
friends had he lost over these last few terrible months? Had they died fast or
were they now suffering a fate far worse..? 

As his CO continued to pump them up for the critical battle, Chalmers' head was
filled with visions of row upon row of black-clad soldiers. A white emblem
resided on their right arms and left breast, an all-encompassing full black
helmet upon their heads, its smooth form negating all facial features. Two
bright red oval spheres were set into an eye-level groove that ran all around,
the “eyes” themselves slanted into a menacing and intimidating scowl. One of the
soldiers turned to face him, the ruby-like eyes seeming to pierce his very soul.
He felt his hand tighten on the flight helmet he held, swallowing hard. 

“Daniels! Peterson! Foster! Brown! Rye ...” a voice called out above the other
sounds that filled the flight deck. Feet moved and Chalmers felt his stomach
lurch. His name would be called soon. He felt a sense of doom. If the Empire
could not stop the Enemy before, what hope did they have now? The Enemy's power
had grown exponentially and they had crushed everything in their path with
harrowing little effort. Chalmers was feeling forced to accept the truth: they
were all that was left of the Imperial Naval Forces. This was a battle that
could not be won; not now, not ever. 

“... Tyler! Flynn! Chalmers! King! Golden! Blair ...” 

At the sound of his name, Chalmers felt himself move robotically, his mind
screaming in protest against what his legs were doing. He ran over to the
waiting starfighter, threw on his helmet and begun ascending the ladder into the
cockpit. 

Zombie-like he sank down into the seat, watching as if from outside his body as
his hands buckled him in, his fingers flip switches, press buttons, acknowledge
questions and confirmations on the screens before him. Moments later, his craft
was taxied to the catapult and before long he'd found himself out in space and
into the thick of battle. 

At that moment, his worst fears had not only been altogether realised, but far
exceeded. 

What the Moon Brings 

I hate the moon - I am afraid of it - for when it shines on certain scenes
familiar and loved it sometimes makes them unfamiliar and hideous. 

It was in the spectral summer when the moon shone down on the old garden where I
wandered; the spectral summer of narcotic flowers and humid seas of foliage that
bring wild and many-coloured dreams. And as I walked by the shallow crystal
stream I saw unwonted ripples tipped with yellow light, as if those placid
waters were drawn on in resistless currents to strange oceans that are not in
the world. Silent and sparkling, bright and baleful, those moon-cursed waters
hurried I knew not whither; whilst from the embowered banks white lotos-blossoms
fluttered one by one in the opiate night-wind and dropped despairingly into the
stream, swirling away horribly under the arched, carven bridge, and staring back
with the sinister resignation of calm, dead faces. 

And as I ran along the shore, crushing sleeping flowers with heedless feet and
maddened ever by the fear of unknown things and the lure of the dead faces, I
saw that the garden had no end under that moon; for where by day the walls were,
there stretched now only new vistas of trees and paths, flowers and shrubs,
stone idols and pagodas, and bendings of the yellow-litten stream past grassy
banks and under grotesque bridges of marble. And the lips of the dead
lotos-faces whispered sadly, and bade me follow, nor did I cease my steps till
the stream became a river, and joined amidst marshes of swaying reeds and
beaches of gleaming sand the shore of a vast and nameless sea. 

Upon that sea the hateful moon shone, and over its unvocal waves weird perfumes
breeded. And as I saw therein the lotos-faces vanish, I longed for nets that I
might capture them and learn from them the secrets which the moon had brought
upon the night. But when that moon went over to the west and the still tide
ebbed from the sullen shore, I saw in that light old spires that the waves
almost uncovered, and white columns gay with festoons of green seaweed. And
knowing that to this sunken place all the dead had come, I trembled and did not
wish again to speak with the lotos-faces. 

Yet when I saw afar out in the sea a black condor descend from the sky to seek
rest on a vast reef, I would fain have questioned him, and asked him of those
whom I had known when they were alive. This I would have asked him had he not
been so far away, but he was very far, and could not be seen at all when he drew
nigh that gigantic reef. 

So I watched the tide go out under that sinking moon, and saw gleaming the
spires, the towers, and the roofs of that dead, dripping city. And as I watched,
my nostrils tried to close against the perfume-conquering stench of the world's
dead; for truly, in this unplaced and forgotten spot had all the flesh of the
churchyards gathered for puffy sea-worms to gnaw and glut upon. 

Over these horrors the evil moon now hung very low, but the puffy worms of the
sea need no moon to feed by. And as I watched the ripples that told of the
writhing of worms beneath, I felt a new chill from afar out whither the condor
had flown, as if my flesh had caught a horror before my eyes had seen it. 

Nor had my flesh trembled without cause, for when I raised my eyes I saw that
the waters had ebbed very low, shewing much of the vast reef whose rim I had
seen before. And when I saw that the reef was but the black basalt crown of a
shocking eikon whose monstrous forehead now shown in the dim moonlight and whose
vile hooves must paw the hellish ooze miles below, I shrieked and shrieked lest
the hidden face rise above the waters, and lest the hidden eyes look at me after
the slinking away of that leering and treacherous yellow moon. 

And to escape this relentless thing I plunged gladly and unhesitantly into the
stinking shallows where amidst weedy walls and sunken streets fat sea-worms
feast upon the world's dead. 

Oversite 

“It doesn’t hurt, Gram,” Renata says. My sixteen-year-old daughter pulls up her
T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm, the skin summer brown and the muscle
swelling slightly into smooth biceps, flawless. 

“I had it done when I was little and see, you can’t even tell.” 

My mother is sitting in the little examining room at the assisted living.
Everything is white and hospital-like but there’s no examining couch. There’s
just a desk, a little white table with two chairs and a scale. The doctor, a
woman I don’t know, is sitting in the other chair. My mother is bewildered, her
face turned up towards me. She’s got Alzheimer’s. 

“It’s okay, Mom,” I say. 

She wants to understand, I can see that. So I explain again. 

“It’s an implant that will let them know where you are, and how you are. It
won’t hurt.” 

Her eyes water constantly, now. In the time it takes me to explain she grasps
and loses the words, grasps and loses phrases as they go past. 

She looks at me and then at Renata, who is smiling, and finally submits
uncomprehendingly. We have worn her down. The doctor bares my mother’s arm,
where the crepey flesh hangs loosely on the bones. The doctor swabs her upper
arm with antiseptic and says, “I’m going to give you something to numb it,
okay?” To me the doctor says in her normal voice, “It’s just a little
lidocaine.” I don’t like the doctor, but I don’t know why. She is no-nonsense.
She has professional hair, lightly streaked. This is no reason to dislike her. 

My mother winces at the injection and is surprised again. She looks up at me, at
Renata. We are smiling, both of us. “Okay,” my mother says. What is okay? I have
no idea. 

We wait for a few minutes. 

My mother says, “Is it time to go?” 

“Not yet,” I say. 

“They’re going to give you an injection.” 

“What?” my mother says. 

“They’re going to implant a chip. It will help them take care of you.” 

I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it. I don’t want
to embarrass her. Her head swings around, from Renata to me to the doctor and
then back to Renata. 

“It’s okay, Gram,” Renata says. 

“Renata,” my mother says. 

The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter,
she puts it firmly against my mother’s arm and puts the chip in. 

“Oh!” says my mother. 

It’s another low-grade moment of horror, but I think about that particular time
with my mother because Renata was there and we were united, she and I. So that’s
a good memory. I come back to it a lot. In the background, shining, is Renata,
who is young and healthy and good, raising her arm to show her grandmother that
the chip is nothing, nothing at all. 

The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble. I don’t dream about
Renata, although when the dreams wake me up, it’s thinking about Renata that
keeps me awake. The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping
to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy
road. That was the first night Renata didn’t come home and it doesn’t take Freud
to figure out what that meant. Seventeen-year-olds sleep on friends’ couches, I
know. Or Renata might be sleeping in her car. 

The second night I dreamed that I was on a desert island and Sonia, our golden
retriever, was with me. There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I
had to kill her before something worse happened. I laid her down on some sticks.
She trusts me, she’s more my dog than anyone’s, and she didn’t like it but for
me she lay there. In my dream I told her, “Stay, Sonia. Stay.” 

She stayed because I held her there by looking at her, the way you can sometimes
will a dog into submission. She stayed while I lit the fire. And then the horror
of it all hit me and I said, “Sonia, up!” 

And I woke up. 

That was last night, the second night Renata didn’t come home. 

Prologue 

"Try to touch the past. Try to deal with the past. It's not real. It's just a
dream." — Ted Bundy 

It didn't start out here. Not with the scramblers or Rorschach, not with Big Ben
or Theseus or the vampires. Most people would say it started with the Fireflies,
but they'd be wrong. It ended with all those things. 

For me, it began with Robert Paglino. 

At the age of eight, he was my best and only friend. We were fellow outcasts,
bound by complementary misfortune. Mine was developmental. His was genetic: an
uncontrolled genotype that left him predisposed to nearsightedness, acne, and
(as it later turned out) a susceptibility to narcotics. His parents had never
had him optimized. Those few TwenCen relics who still believed in God also held
that one shouldn't try to improve upon His handiwork. So although both of us
could have been repaired, only one of us had been. 

I arrived at the playground to find Pag the center of attention for some
half-dozen kids, those lucky few in front punching him in the head, the others
making do with taunts of mongrel and polly while waiting their turn. I watched
him raise his arms, almost hesitantly, to ward off the worst of the blows. I
could see into his head better than I could see into my own; he was scared that
his attackers might think those hands were coming up to hit back, that they'd
read it as an act of defiance and hurt him even more. Even then, at the tender
age of eight and with half my mind gone, I was becoming a superlative observer.

But I didn't know what to do. 

I hadn't seen much of Pag lately. I was pretty sure he'd been avoiding me.
Still, when your best friend's in trouble you help out, right? Even if the odds
are impossible — and how many eight-year-olds would go up against six bigger
kids for a sandbox buddy? — at least you call for backup. Flag a sentry.
Something. 

I just stood there. I didn't even especially want to help him. 

That didn't make sense. Even if he hadn't been my best friend, I should at least
have empathized. I'd suffered less than Pag in the way of overt violence; my
seizures tended to keep the other kids at a distance, scared them even as they
incapacitated me. Still. I was no stranger to the taunts and insults, or the
foot that appears from nowhere to trip you up en route from A to B. I knew how
that felt. 

Or I had, once. 

But that part of me had been cut out along with the bad wiring. I was still
working up the algorithms to get it back, still learning by observation. Pack
animals always tear apart the weaklings in their midst. Every child knows that
much instinctively. Maybe I should just let that process unfold, maybe I
shouldn't try to mess with nature. Then again, Pag's parents hadn't messed with
nature, and look what it got them: a son curled up in the dirt while a bunch of
engineered superboys kicked in his ribs. 

In the end, propaganda worked where empathy failed. Back then I didn't so much
think as observe, didn't deduce so much as remember — and what I remembered was
a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the
underdog. 

So I picked up a rock the size of my fist and hit two of Pag's assailants across
the backs of their heads before anyone even knew I was in the game. 

A third, turning to face the new threat, took a blow to the face that audibly
crunched the bones of his cheek. I remember wondering why I didn't take any
satisfaction from that sound, why it meant nothing beyond the fact I had one
less opponent to worry about. 

The rest of them ran at the sight of blood. One of the braver promised me I was
dead, shouted "Fucking zombie!" over his shoulder as he disappeared around the
corner. 

Three decades it took, to see the irony in that remark. 

Two of the enemy twitched at my feet. I kicked one in the head until it stopped
moving, turned to the other. Something grabbed my arm and I swung without
thinking, without looking until Pag yelped and ducked out of reach. 

"Oh," I said. 

"Sorry." 

One thing lay motionless. The other moaned and held its head and curled up in a
ball. 

"Oh shit," Pag panted. Blood coursed unheeded from his nose and splattered down
his shirt. His cheek was turning blue and yellow. 

"Oh shit oh shit oh shit ..." 

I thought of something to say. 

"You all right?" 

"Oh shit, you — I mean, you never ..." He wiped his mouth. Blood smeared the
back of his hand. 

"Oh man are we in trouble." 

"They started it." 

"Yeah, but you — I mean, look at them!" 

The moaning thing was crawling away on all fours. I wondered how long it would
be before it found reinforcements. I wondered if I should kill it before then. 

"You'da never done that before," Pag said. 

Before the operation, he meant. 

I actually did feel something then — faint, distant, but unmistakable. I felt
angry. 

"They started —" 

Pag backed away, eyes wide. 

"What are you doing? Put that down!" 

I'd raised my fists. I didn't remember doing that. I unclenched them. It took a
while. I had to look at my hands very hard for a long, long time. 

The rock dropped to the ground, blood-slick and glistening. 

"I was trying to help." I didn't understand why he couldn't see that. 

"You're, you're not the same," Pag said from a safe distance. 

"You're not even Siri any more." 

"I am too. Don't be a fuckwad." 

"They cut out your brain!" 

"Only half. For the ep —" 

"I know for the epilepsy! You think I don't know? But you were in that half —
or, like, part of you was ..." He struggled with the words, with the concept
behind them. 

"And now you're different. It's like, your mom and dad murdered you —" 

"My mom and dad," I said, suddenly quiet, "saved my life. 

I would have died." 

"I think you did die," said my best and only friend. 

"I think Siri died, they scooped him out and threw him away and you're some
whole other kid that just, just grew back out of what was left. You're not the
same. Ever since. You're not the same." 

Daisy 

by Andrew Willett 

It was Sunday in snowy Manhattan. Jenna was in the tub, and I was doing the
Times crossword, listening to the clang of the radiators and the swish of the
taxis on the slush outside, when my coffee-scented reverie was broken by a loud
squawk from the bathroom, and a splash, and a flesh-upon-cold-tile sort of
thump. 

“Go away! Shoo! Get out of my bathroom!” 

I threw down my pen and dashed down the hall. Jenna was picking herself up off
the floor of the bathroom. In the bathtub, a bar of soap was gaily chasing a
nylon scrubby thing around the surface of the water. 

“Damned pixies!” Jenna said, smacking the bathtub’s drain lever. 

“Again! I am so tired of these things!” A piteous squeak came from the scrubby
thing as the water began to swirl down the drain. A translucent little head
poked out from behind a pot of organic-sugarcane exfoliating body polish, and
looked at me with exaggerated puppy eyes and a trembling lower lip. 

“Sorry, kids,” I said to the bathtub. “Don’t humor them, dammit,” Jenna said,
and stomped, still naked, still wet, toward the phone in the kitchen. She’d be
irritated by her own wet footprints on the battered wood of the hallway floor
later, but right now she had blood on her mind. Or water. Ichor. Whatever it is
that the common Manhattan water-pixie uses for blood. 

I couldn’t say I blamed her. She got the brunt of the pixies’ odd sense of humor
much more than I did, because she’s the one who likes to take baths. Although I
will say that a pixie hiding in the sink among the dirty soup bowls makes doing
the dishes an adventure. 

“Ramon? Hi. It’s Jenna McMasters in 5C. Ramon, the pixies are out of control.
You’ve got to do something about — yes, I know — Ramon, the equinox isn’t for
weeks and weeks. Really, we need you to do something sooner ... Well, I’m just
not ready to wait that long. We may have to try something on our own, then.
Goodbye, Ramon. You’ve been a huge goddamn help.” 

She hung up the phone. 

“Man, he’s useless,” she said. 

“On the other hand,” I said, “he’s the first super we’ve had who keeps the
boiler, the door buzzers, and the electrical system in perfect working order.” I
took the robe I’d brought from the bathroom and wrapped it around her shoulders.

“What is it they say in yoga class? Take a deep cleansing breath. Spiral out
from your navel center, and stuff.” 

“Robert, this sort of thing never happened in San Francisco.” 

“No,” I said. 

“In San Francisco we got earthquakes, and there were wood sprites in Golden Gate
Park. Welcome to New York.” 

“I keep trying to tell myself that this is cool. But then they come at me on a
Sunday morning, when I have no work to do and I’m trying to relax and I’m naked,
and I just lose it ....” 

“And you take it out on the super,” I said. 

“And now I’m gonna have a bruise on my butt, too,” she said. 

“Well, that’s karma for you. Now stretch out on the couch, and I’ll bring you
coffee and rub your feet.” 

Jenna smiled. 

“Just make sure there are no pixies in the coffee pot, is all I ask.” 

Ugh. That was our previous Sunday morning adventure: most unpleasant, and marked
by the death of a new French-press pot. I realized that I, too, hated the
pixies. 

“We need a plan,” I said. 

Stranger Things Happen - Water Off a Black Dog’s Back 

Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first
slept with him. For a generous girl, a girl who took off her clothes with
abandon, she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things. In two months
Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of
town; that they sold strawberries in summer, and Christmas trees in the winter.
He knew that they never left the farm; instead, the world came to them in the
shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists. 

Do you think your parents will like me?" he said. He had spent the afternoon
preparing for this visit as carefully as if he were preparing for an exam. He
had gotten his hair cut, trimmed his nails, washed his neck and behind his ears.
The outfit he had chosen, khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie --
lay neatly folded on the bed. He stood before Rachel in his plain white
underwear and white socks, gazing at her as if she were a mirror. 

"No," she said. It was the first time she had been to his apartment, and she
stood square in the center of his bedroom, her arms folded against her body as
if she was afraid to sit down, to touch something. 

"Why?" 

"My father will like you," she said. 

"But he likes everyone. My mother's more particular -- she thinks that you lack
a serious nature." 

Carroll put on his pants, admiring the crease. 

"So you've talked to her about me." 

"Yes." 

"But you haven't talked about her to me." 

"No." 

"Are you ashamed of her?" 

Rachel snorted. Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was
regretting her decision to take him home. "You're ashamed of me," he guessed,
and Rachel kissed him and smiled and didn't say anything. 

Rachel still lived on her parents' farm, which made it all the more remarkable
that she had kept Carroll and her parents apart for so long. It suggested a
talent for daily organization that filled Carroll's heart with admiration and
lust. She was nineteen, two years younger than Carroll; she was a student at
Jellicoh College and every weekday she rose at seven and biked four miles into
town, and then back again on her bike, four miles uphill to the farm. 

Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library, where he had a part-time
job. He sat at the checkout desk, stamping books and reading Tristram Shandy for
a graduate class; he was almost asleep when someone said, "Excuse me." 

He looked up. The girl who stood before the tall desk was red-headed. Sunlight
streaming in through a high window opposite her lit up the fine hairs on her
arm, the embroidered flowers on the collar of her white shirt. The sunlight
turned her hair to fire and Carroll found it difficult to look directly at her.
"Can I help you?" he said. 

She placed a shredded rectangle on the desk, and Carroll picked it up between
his thumb and forefinger. Pages hung in tatters from the sodden blue spine.
Title, binding, and covers had been gnawed away. "I need to pay for a damaged
book," she said. 

"What happened? Did your dog eat it?" he said, making a joke. 

"Yes," she said, and smiled. 

"What's your name?" Carroll said. Already, he thought he might be in love. 

Doesn’t it make you just want to sneeze? 

Pete was leaning against the wall, watching the street go by. I pulled the bike
to a halt, the front wheel pointing in his direction. 

“I think I’ve got a fairy stuck up my nose.” 

“S’ not true!” came a voice from inside the nose in question. 

“Hey! Not bad that!” Pete said. 

“I didn’t see your lips move at all.” 

“It’s not a joke.” 

The itching was getting worse. I pulled out a paper tissue. 

“Stop that now!” came the voice again. 

“You know I don’t like it.” 

“S’ not my fault. You make me want to sneeze!” 

And I did. 

I inspected the crumpled paper. Lots of yellow goo, but no fairy. 

Pete looked at me with mild disgust as I eyed the handkerchief more closely. 

“You know that’s pretty gross …” he said. 

“Got any other brilliant remarks?” I said. 

I held a finger up to my lips, and waved a hand to silence Pete’s reply. 

“Are you still there?” I called. 

“No thanks to you!” came the little voice. 

Pete looked at me sort of sideways. 

“Look, the first time was OK, but —” 

“It’s not a joke. I’ve really got something stuck up there. I was riding on me
bike and I thought I’d swallowed an insect or something. And then it started
insulting me.” 

“You’re having me on, right?” 

“Pete! Look at me. If it’s a trick, how do I do it then?” 

Pete thought for a moment. 

“If it’s real … Aren’t they supposed to have a pot of gold or something? And
they have to tell you where it is if you catch them?” 

“That’s leprechauns, idiot!” said the voice from my noise. 

“So what’s the difference? Just give us the gold and we’ll let you go …” 

“We —?” I started. 

He winked at me. 

“Oh, I’m happy to stick around,” came the voice. 

“It’s noggins here who wants to get rid of me …” 

Suddenly I felt a violent pain in my nose, my eyes watered. 

“Owwww!” I howled. 

“See what I mean?” the voice shouted over my moans. 

“Perhaps you can use it in exams …” Pete said, scratching his head. 

“You know, it could tell us all the answers.” 

“Idiot! If it yacks on like that in an exam, I’ll get thrown out. And probably
locked up too.” 

“Can’t it whisper?” 

“Perhaps I don’t know the answers anyway?” said the voice. 

“Have you thought of that?” 

“Anyway, I don’t want it in exams. I just want it to go. Out of my nose.” 

“Can’t you just poke it out?” 

“With what?” 

“S’pose you’ve already tried your finger …” 

“Yes he has,” the voice said. 

“And it wasn’t pleasant I can tell you.” 

“You see what it’s like. He’s already making sarcastic remarks like that …” 

“What if we put something in your nose to catch it, then? I don’t know … A
spider?” 

“No!” we both said at once. 

“Snap!” Pete said. “You both said the same thing at the same time, you’ve got to
make a —” He hit his forehead with his palm. 

“That’s it! Three wishes! When you catch a fairy, you get three wishes. Hey you
in there! Is that right?” 

“You could see things like that …” said the voice with resignation. 

“I wish you’d get out of my nose, then!” I cried. 

In a flash the fairy was out of my nose and gone. 

And I’m still waiting for my two other wishes. 

THE END 

Something a little lighter this week, I hope you enjoy it. Once it got started,
I realised that the idea must have been inspired by the title of Justine
Larbalestier’s How to Ditch Your Fairy, although it has nothing at all to do
with that story at all. 

All in all, my story feels very light. But I think I needed something a little
less dark, and there are some quite sombre tales coming up in the coming weeks.
See you then. 

The Cost to Be Wise Veronique stayed with me that night, lying next to me in my
blankets and furs. She didn't sleep, I don't think. I was listening to her
breath. I felt as if I should help her sleep. I lay there and tried to think if
I should put my arm around her, but I didn't know. Maybe she didn't want to be
touched. And she had been a stupid girl, anyway. She lay tense in the dark. "Are
you going to be a teacher?" I asked. She laughed. 

"If I get out of here." I waited for her to say more, but she didn't. "Get out
of here" meant to make someone leave. Maybe she meant if she made herself. "You
come here from Earth?" I asked. To get her to talk, although I was tired of
lingua and I didn't really want to think about anything. "My family came here
from Earth," she said. 

"Why?" "My father, he's an anthropologist," she said. 

"Do you know anthropologist?" "No," I said. 

"He is a person who studies the way people live. And he is a teacher." All the
offworlders I had ever met were teachers. I wondered who did all the work on
Earth. "Because Earth had lost touch with your world, the people here are very
interesting to my father," she said. Her voice was listless in the dark and she
was even harder to understand when I couldn't see her properly. I didn't
understand so I didn't say anything. I was sorry I'd started her talking. 

"History, do you know the word ' history '?" she asked. Of course I knew the
word "history." "I study history in school," I said. Anneal and Kumar taught it.

"Do you know the history of this world?" It took my tired head a long time to
sort that out. 

"Yes," I said. "We are a colony. People from Earth come here to live. Then there
is a big problem on Earth, and the people of Earth forget we are here. We forget
we are from Earth. Then Earth finds us again." "Some people have stories about
coming from the Earth," Veronique said. 

"My father is collecting those stories from different peoples. I'm a graduate
student." The clans didn't have any stories about coming from Earth. We said the
first people came out of the sun. This somehow seemed embarrassing. I didn't
understand what kind of student she was. 

"Are you here for stories?" I asked. "No," she said. 

"Ian is old friends with your teacher, from back when they were both with the
survey. We just came to visit." I didn't understand what she'd said except that
they were visiting. We were quiet after that. I pretended to sleep. Sometimes
there was gunfire outside and we jumped, even Mam on the bed. Everyone but Bet.
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up. I fell asleep thinking
about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone. I dreamed that I was
at the offworlder's home, where it was summer but no one was taking care of the
stabros, and they were all glad, and so I was a hero - and I was startled awake
by gunfire. Just more drinking and shooting. I wished my da would come home. It
didn't seem fair that we should lie here and be afraid while the men were
getting drunk and singing. 

The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz A ROMANCE IN EIGHT DAYS by JOHANN
VALENTIN ANDREAE in a new version by JOHN CROWLEY illustrated by THEO FADEL
SMALL BEER PRESS EASTHAMPTON, MASS. 

Introduction 

I 

The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz is the way I’ve decided to present
the title of this book. Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding
of Christian Rosencreutz, which suggests (and most people who’ve heard of it
suppose) that the wedding is Christian’s. It’s not; Christian Rosencreutz is the
purported author of a book called The Chemical Wedding. The actual author is
Johann Valentin Andreae, whose name didn’t appear on the book originally, thus
ensuring the confusion. I’ll call it herein (as everyone mostly does) simply The
Chemical Wedding. 

Though its original readers would have had a certain amount of context for the
truly bizarre and surprising events it tells of, it’s possible that The Chemical
Wedding is now more enjoyable without knowing that context, and experiencing the
book unmediated. You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of
text that follows and only then return to this introduction. 

Consider a similar case: a little book published in 1934 by the Surrealist
artist Max Ernst called Une Semaine de Bonté. It was made entirely of collaged
illustrations cut out of old books 

The First Day 

It was just before Easter Sunday, 1 and I was sitting at my table. I’d said my
prayers, talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of
the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me. Now I was ready to
make and to bake – only in my heart, actually – a small, perfect unleavened
wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb. All of a sudden a terrible wind blew
up, so strong that I thought the hill my little house was built on would be
blown apart – but I’d seen the Devil do things as bad as this before (the Devil
had often tried to harm me), so I took heart and went on meditating. 

Till I felt somebody touch me on the back. 

This frightened me so that I didn’t dare turn. I tried to stay as brave and calm
as a human being could under the circumstances. I felt my coat tugged at, and
tugged again, and at last I looked around. A woman stood there, so bright and
beautiful, in a sky-colored robe – a heavens covered with 

1 Christian’s story begins just before Easter, like Dante’s Divine Comedy. It
can be seen as an allegory of Christ’s death and resurrection, though this idea
produces some puzzles. 

The birds sang so beautifully, the young deer skipped so happily, that it
gladdened my old heart, and I couldn't help singing too ... 

THE FOURTH DAY 

I was awake and lying in bed next morning, looking idly at the wonderful images
and inscriptions all around my room, when suddenly I heard the sound of
trumpets, as if a procession were already underway. My page jumped out of bed as
if crazed, looking more dead than alive, and you can imagine how I felt when he
cried, “They're already being presented to the king!" 

I could only groan in frustration and curse my lazy bones. I got dressed, but my
page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what. He
soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually hadn’t overslept; all
I’d done was miss breakfast: they hadn’t wanted to wake an old man who needed
his rest. But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain, where
most of the others were gathered. 

Such a relief! My spirits recovered, and as soon as I had got into my habit, I
followed him to the garden I have already told about. I found that the lion, in
place of his sword, now held a rather large plaque. Examining this, I could tell
that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I’d seen and put here for
some special reason. The inscription on it was fading away, so I should set it
down here as it was then, and ask my readers to ponder it: 

Prince Hermes: Now after humankind has suffered so much harm here I flow having
by god’s counsel and with the help of art become a healing balm. 

Drink from me if you can; wash, if you like; trouble my waters if you dare.
Drink, Brethren! Drink and live! 

Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about 'self-medicating' ants Tuesday,
September 1, 2015 

Formica fusca, from file. Image: Mathias Krumbholz. 

Nick Bos, of the University of Helsinki, studies "the amazing adaptations social
insects have evolved in order to fight the extreme parasite pressure they
experience". In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe
ants appearing to self-medicate. 

"I have no doubt that as time goes on, there will be more and more cases
documented" 

The team used Formica fusca, an ant species that can form thousand-strong
colonies. This common black ant eats other insects, and also aphid honeydew. It
often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging workers can sometimes be
spotted climbing trees. 

Some ants were infected with Beauveria bassiana, a fungus. Infected ants chose
food laced with toxic hydrogen peroxide, whereas healthy ants avoided it.
Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected ant fatalities by 15%, and the ants varied
their intake depending upon how high the peroxide concentration was. 

In the wild, Formica fusca can encounter similar chemicals in aphids and dead
ants. The Independent reported self-medicating ants a first among insects. 

Bos obtained his doctorate from the University of Copenhagen. He began
postdoctoral research at Helsinki in 2012. He also runs the AntyScience blog.
The blog aims to help address "a gap between scientists and 'the general
public'." The name is a pun referencing ants, its primary topic, science, and
"non-scientific" jargon-free communication. He now discusses his work with
Wikinews. 

Beauveria bassiana on a cicada in Bolivia. Image: Danny Newman. 

What first attracted you to researching ants? 

Me and a studymate were keeping a lot of animals during our studies, from
beetles, to butterflies and mantids, to ants. We had the ants in an observation
nest, and I could just look at them for hours, watching them go about. This was
in my third year of Biology study I think. After a while I needed to start
thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies, and decided to write a couple
of professors. I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the
University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under
supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre. I liked it so much there I ended up
doing a PhD and I've been working on social insects ever since. 

What methods and equipment were used for this investigation? 

This is a fun one. I try to work on a very low budget, and like to build most of
the experimental setups myself (we actually have equipment in the lab nicknamed
the 'Nickinator', 'i-Nick' and the 'Nicktendo64'). There's not that much money
in fundamental science at the moment, so I try to cut the costs wherever
possible. We collected wild colonies of Formica fusca by searching through old
tree-trunks in old logging sites in southern Finland. We then housed the ants in
nests I made using Y-tong [aerated concrete]. It's very soft stone that you can
easily carve. We carved out little squares for the ants to live in (covered with
old CD covers to prevent them escaping!). We then drilled a tunnel to a pot (the
foraging arena), where the ants got the choice between the food with medicine
and the food without. 

We infected the ants by preparing a solution of the fungus Beauveria bassiana.
Afterwards, each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds, dried
on a cloth and put in the nest. After exposing the ants to the fungus, we took
pictures of each foraging arena three times per day, and counted how many ants
were present on each food-source. 

Example of aerated concrete, which provided a home for the subjects. Image:
Marco Bernardini. 

This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been
infected. 

The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [Reactive Oxygen
Species, the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide] but infected
ants die less was obtained in another way (as you have to 'force feed' the ROS,
as healthy ants, when given the choice, ignore that food-source.) 

For this we basically put colonies on a diet of either food with medicine or
without for a while. And afterwards either infected them or not. Then for about
two weeks we count every day how many ants died. This gives us the data to do a
so-called survival analysis. 

We measured the ROS-concentration in the bodies of ants after they ingested the
food with the medicine using a spectrophotometer. By adding certain chemicals,
the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length. 

The detrimental effect of ROS on spores was easy to measure. We mixed different
concentrations of ROS with the spores, plated them out on petridishes with an
agar-solution where fungus can grow on. A day after, we counted how many spores
were still alive. 

How reliable do you consider your results to be? 

The results we got are very reliable. We had a lot of colonies containing a lot
of ants, and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind. This means the
experimenter doesn't know which ants belong to which treatment, so it's
impossible to influence the results with 'observer bias'. However, of course
this is proof in just one species. It is hard to extrapolate to other ants, as
different species lead very different lives. 

Wikinews interviews President of the International Brotherhood of Magicians
Wednesday, October 9, 2013 

October is National Magic Month in the United States. Wikinews spoke with
William Evans, president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians, about
the current state of magic and what its future looks like in the world of
entertainment. 

For how long have you been involved in performing / studying magic? 

Over 50 years. I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old
even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier. I
remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the
dragons on it and I didn't even know what it did. The magician behind the
counter was wise enough not to sell it to me, but instead sold me two books
which I still own today - "Scarne on Card Tricks" and "Scarne on Magic Tricks".
That started me out on books and I have amassed quite a few since then. My major
influences on performance are Eugene Burger and Michael Skinner. 

October is National Magic Month in the US. Do you think magic is alive as a
viable form of entertainment today? 

Absolutely. There are more magicians working today than ever before. There will
always be an audience for good magicians doing good magic. 

Has the internet helped or hurt magic? 

Both. I think it has helped draw younger people to magic as a hobby, but I think
it has hurt the ability of young magicians to think because so many rely on the
internet for everything and they aren't reading the books. We have to have
knowledge of the history of magic and what has been done before. Moreover,
seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses,
originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can produce.
Anyone can become a monkey; it takes serious study to become a magician. 

Do you travel much in your current role? 

Yes, I am traveling quite a bit. After I was inducted as International President
in Phoenix in July, I have been to the Jeff McBride Experience in Eureka
Springs, Arkansas, Magic Live in Las Vegas, The Midwest Magic Jubilee in St.
Louis, the TAOM in Dallas, the British Ring Convention in Buxton, England and
the Magic Circle in London. I am going to Las Vegas and Los Angeles next month,
Italy in November, back to Las Vegas in December, Mexico in January, Magi-Fest
in February, the Winter Carnival of Magic in Tennessee in March, Eureka Springs
Cavalcade of Magic in March, and the FFFF in April. That's as of now. 

File photo of magician David Gish displaying magic props for a young child.
Image: Paul Budd. 

Interview with US political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky Saturday,
April 4, 2009 

Political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky 

Noam Chomsky is a professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
Linguistics and Philosophy. At the age of 40 he was credited with
revolutionizing the field of modern linguistics. He was one of the first
opponents of the Vietnam War, and is a self-described Libertarian Socialist. At
age 80 he continues to write books; his latest book, Hegemony or Survival, was a
bestseller in non-fiction. According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index
Professor Chomsky is the eighth most cited scholar of all time. 

On March 13, Professor Chomsky sat down with Michael Dranove for an interview in
his MIT office in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 

On NATO 

I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent NATO actions and the
protests coming up at the 60th NATO conference, I know you’re speaking at the
counter-conference. 

Could be I give so many talks I can’t remember. On the NATO conference, well I
mean the obvious question is why should NATO exist? In fact you can ask
questions about why it should ever have existed, but now why should it exist. I
mean the theory was, whether you believe it or not, that it would be a defensive
alliance against potential Soviet aggression, that’s the basic doctrine. Well
there’s no defense against Soviet aggression, so whether you believe that
doctrine or not that’s gone. When the Soviet Union collapsed there had been an
agreement, a recent agreement, between Gorbachev and the U.S government and the
first Bush administration. The agreement was that Gorbachev agreed to a quite
remarkable concession: he agreed to let a united Germany join the NATO military
alliance. Now it is remarkable in the light of history, the history of the past
century, Germany alone had virtually destroyed Russia, twice, and Germany backed
by a hostile military alliance, centered in the most phenomenal military power
in history, that’s a real threat. Nevertheless he agreed, but there was a quid
pro quo, namely that NATO should not expand to the east, so Russia would at
least have a kind of security zone. And George Bush and James Baker, secretary
of state, agreed that NATO would not expand one inch to the east. Gorbachev also
proposed a nuclear free weapons zone in the region, but the U.S wouldn’t
consider that. Okay, so that was the basis on which then shortly after the
Soviet Union collapsed. Well, Clinton came into office what did he do? Well one
of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO
to the east. Well that’s a significant threat to the Soviet Union, to Russia now
that there was no longer any Soviet Union, it was a significant threat to Russia
and not surprisingly they responded by beefing up their offensive capacity, not
much but some. So they rescinded their pledge not to use nuclear weapons on
first strike, NATO had never rescinded it, but they had and started some
remilitarization. With Bush, the aggressive militarism of the Bush
administration, as predicted, induced Russia to extend further its offensive
military capacity; it’s still going on right now. When Bush proposed the missile
defense systems in Eastern Europe, Poland and Czechoslovakia, it was a real
provocation to the Soviet Union. I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control
journals, that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their
strategic deterrent, meaning as a first strike weapon. And the claim was that it
had to do with Iranian missiles, but forget about that. Take say on Obama,
Obama’s national security advisor James Jones former Marine commandant is on
record of favoring expansion of NATO to the south and the east, further
expansion of NATO, and also making it an intervention force. And the head of
NATO, Hoop Scheffer, he has explained that NATO must take on responsibility for
ensuring the security of pipelines and sea lanes, that is NATO must be a
guarantor of energy supplies for the West. Well that’s kind of an unending war,
so do we want NATO to exist, do we want there to be a Western military alliance
that carries out these activities, with no pretense of defense? Well I think
that’s a pretty good question; I don’t see why it should, I mean there happens
to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if there happened to be
one I’d be opposed to that too. So I think the first question is, what is this
all about, why should we even be debating NATO, is there any reason why it
should exist? 

Labor actions as a revival of the Left 

We’ve seen mass strikes all around the world, in countries that we wouldn’t
expect it. Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West? Or do you
think it’s nothing? 

It’s really hard to tell. I mean there’s certainly signs of it, and in the
United States too, in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not
long ago, which is a very militant labor action. Sit down strikes which began at
a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and
ownership, because the sit down strike is one step before workers taking over
the factory and running it and kicking out the management, and probably doing a
better job. So that’s a frightening idea, and police were called in and so on.
Well we just had one in the United States at the Republic Windows and Doors
Factory, it’s hard to know, I mean these things are just hard to predict, they
may take off, and they may take on a broader scope, they may fizzle away or be
diverted. 

Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail 

Thursday, March 15, 2012 Wikinews interviewed one of the owners of a New York
City bar about a popular new politically-themed cocktail drink called Santorum.
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist
Dan Savage's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former
Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality; Savage's readers voted
to define santorum as; "the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is
sometimes the byproduct of anal sex." 

Background 

The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of parody, including this
political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal webcomic artist Zach
Weiner. 2012. Image; Zach Weiner. 

The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn, New York, and is co-owned by
Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg. Stan commented on the
creation of the Santorum cocktail, "When he was winning in the polls, I thought,
'OK, I'll do a Santorum'." Regarding how long the beverage will be made
available, Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper, "We'll keep it around until he’s
irrelevant. I hope he’s there the whole way". 

The main ingredients of the Santorum drink include vodka of an orange citrus
variety, Baileys Irish Cream, and Angostura bitters. It is served in a cocktail
glass and topped with Godiva chocolate flakes. The beverage is priced at US $
8.00, and upon an order for it, the bartender will recount for the customer the
definition of the santorum neologism. 

Troy Patterson of Slate Magazine ventured over to Pacific Standard to sample the
new santorum cocktail at the bar. After tasting the beverage, Patterson
observed, "My Santorum was sweet but balanced, with a subtle citrus pucker". 

[The santorum neologism is] offensive beyond, you know, anything that any public
figure or anybody in America should tolerate, and the mainstream media laughs
about it. — Rick Santorum 

In a 2003 interview with the Associated Press, Rick Santorum compared legalizing
same-sex marriage in the United States to supporting bestiality. Readers of the
Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator’s last name,
and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of
the phenomenon. The term became a prominent result in searches online, and
gained dominance on Web search engines including Google, Bing, and Yahoo!. 

Rick Santorum himself has acknowledged and discussed the existence and
prevalence of the santorum neologism phenomenon; he was quoted by The Canadian
Press on his assessment of Google's response; 

"To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their
website or through their system is something that they say they can't handle. I
suspect that's not true." Santorum criticized the response of the press to the
phenomenon in a 2011 radio interview, saying, "It's offensive beyond, you know,
anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate, and the
mainstream media laughs about it." 

Interview 

Pacific Standard owner, Jonathan M. Stan, displays the Santorum cocktail drink
as a finished product at the bar. (2012). Image; Pacific Standard, provided by
the owners. 

Interview 

What inspired you to create a cocktail after the santorum neologism? 

Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season, and we
thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked
the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of "santorum." 

How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew
out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column? 

We don't really remember. It's been around forever. Probably read about it
somewhere. 

What are your thoughts about Rick Santorum’s views on gay rights? 

It's not for us to take a stand on any political issues. We'll leave that to the
professionals. 

Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize
the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column? 

We thought it was funny. Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we
leave to the pros to decide. 

When was the Santorum cocktail first created? 

A few months ago. 

What ingredients go in the Santorum cocktail? 

Bailey's, orange vodka, bitters, and chocolate flakes. 

How is the Santorum drink made? 

The ingredients are shaken and/or poured into a cocktail glass. See the
pictures. 

Your Santorum cocktail creation has already received media coverage from
publications including; The Brooklyn Paper, The New York Times, Jezebel,
Metro.us, EDGE on the Net, and Instinct Magazine. Did you think when you created
it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage? 

Not at all. We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail
for our customers to laugh about and enjoy. 

What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum
cocktail? 

You'd probably be having the cocktail at dessert time, so something sweet; ice
cream or pie. 

Is the drink popular? How many times do you suppose you’ve served it at your
establishment since its creation? 

The drink was mildly popular for the last few months, but of course has become a
great deal more popular since getting all this publicity. We have no way to
estimate how many times we've served it overall, but we're now pouring around
ten a night. 

Cold as ice: Wikinews interviews Marymegan Daly on unusual new sea anemone
Tuesday, January 21, 2014 

How did you come to be involved with this discovery 

Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I
could help with an identification on the anemone. 

What was your first reaction upon learning there was an undiscovered ecosystem
under the ice in the Ross Sea? 

I was amazed and really excited. I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate,
because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something. The
technology that Frank and his colleagues are using to explore the ice is so
important because, given our lack of data, we have no reasonable expectation of
what it should be like, or what it shouldn't be like. 

There's a return trip planned hopefully for 2015, with both biologists and
ANDRILL geologists. Are you intending to go there yourself? 

I would love to. But I am also happy to not go, as long as someone collects more
animals on my behalf! What I want to do with the animals requires new material
preserved in diverse ways, but it doesn't require me to be there. Although I am
sure that being there would enhance my understanding of the animals and the
system in which they live, and would help me formulate more and better questions
about the anemones, ship time is expensive, especially in Antarctica, and if
there are biologists whose contribution is predicated on being there, they
should have priority to be there. 

These animals are shrouded in mystery. Some of the most intriguing questions are
chemical; do they produce some kind of antifreeze, and is that orange glow in
the ROV lights their own? Talk us through the difficulties encountered when
trying to find answers with the specimens on hand. 

The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in
formalin (a kind of formaldehyde solution). The formalin is great for preserving
structures, but for anemones, it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of
the body. This means we can't look at the issue you raise with these animals.
What we could do, however, was to study anatomy and figure out what it is, so
that when we have samples preserved for studying e.g., the genome,
transcriptome, or metabolome, or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in
the animals themselves, we can make precise comparisons, and figure out what
these animals have or do (metabolically or chemically) that lets them live where
they live. 

Just knowing a whole lot about a single species isn't very useful, even if that
animal is as special as these clearly are - we need to know what about them is
different and thus related to living in this strange way. The only way to get at
what's different is to make comparisons with close relatives. We can start that
side of the work now, anticipating having more beasts in the future. 

In terms of their glow, I suspect that it's not theirs - although luminescence
is common in anemone relatives, they don't usually make light themselves. They
do make a host of florescent proteins, and these may interact with the light of
the ROV to give that gorgeous glow. 

What analysis did you perform on the specimens and what equipment was used? 

I used a dissecting scope to look at the animal's external anatomy and overall
body organization (magnification of 60 X). I embedded a few of the animals in
wax and then cut them into very thin slices using a microtome, mounted the
slices on microscope slides, stained the slices to enhance contrast, and then
looked at those slides under a compound microscope (that's how I got the
pictures of the muscles etc in the paper). I used that same compound scope to
look at squashed bits of tissue to see the stinging capsules (= nematocysts). 

I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on
other species in this group. This step seems trivial, but it is really the most
important part! By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and
predecessors had found, I figured out what group it belongs to, and was able to
determine that within that group, it was a new species. 

It was three years between recovery of specimens and final publication, why did
it take so long? 

You mean, how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly, right? :) It was
about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out.
Some of that time was just lost time - I had other projects in the queue that I
needed to finish. Once we figured out what it was, we played a lot of manuscript
email tag, which can be challenging and time consuming given the differing
schedules that folks keep in terms of travel, field work, etc. Manuscript review
and processing took about four months. 

What sort of difficulties were posed by the unorthodox preservatives used, and
what additional work might be possible on a specimen with intact DNA? 

The preservation was not unorthodox - they followed best practices for
anatomical preservation. Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether
there are new genes, or genes turned on in different ways and at different times
that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the
cold. I am curious about the population structure of the "fields" of anemones -
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that
reproduce asexually, and it's possible that the fields are "clones" produced
asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction. DNA is the only way to
test this. 

This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic, and the two
known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station image: Daily et
al. 

Daly explained how she obtained these images of the anemone's anatomy. Image:
Daily et al. 

BDSM as business: An interview with the owners of a dungeon Sunday, October 21,
2007 

Operating the business 

The costs 

Clothing supply closet. 

There's a misconception in this industry. Your exposure to this is probably
primarily what you see in movies, scanning magazines, scanning the Internet,
just snippets everywhere. It's portrayed as though it's dark, black and evil.
And -- 

Oh man, well? 

What's up? 

I do wear a lot of black. 

It's anything but that. If you look at the rooms, there's all the accouterments
you'd find in these types of places -- but more than anything, there's a lot of
good feeling around here. We hire the opposite of what you'd think we would
hire, what the average person would think we would hire. We hire educated, nice
people. 

I remember one of our ads that I had put in said, "If you think nice girls don't
do S&M," -- I forgot what the rest of it said -- 

"-- think again." 

Yeah, "think again" or something like that. And that ad had pulled so many
girls, because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls don't do this.
And a bunch of them had called and they said, "Wow." And I think I remember, a
bunch of guys called because of that also. Do you remember? 

I sure do, I sure do. 

What are the startup costs involved? 

It varies; look around Manhattan, look around rents, look around build-outs,
look around hiring, look around advertising ... 

What's your greatest non-fixed cost? 

The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising, those two
together make up the bulk of what we spend. There's supplies, and there's wear
and tear and maintenance, and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to
do. That's about it. The hardest thing in running this business, which is why
people can't do it, is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with
the customers. 

Where do you advertise? 

A lot on the web, we've used most of the local city papers, New York Press,
things like that, L Magazine. 

In the back of the paper? 

Typically in the back of the paper. Magazines constantly change their policy on
it; they want it, they don't want it ... 

Depending on the election year -- 

Who's buying the paper, who's selling the paper. So it changes, so one year we
got to be in the Press, but they have now stopped adult ads. 

Completely. 

So now we'll be in the Voice for a while. We're moving more towards the Internet
at this point, because the Internet is a much easier, safer way for a person to
look at sensitive material and not get caught with it. 

Hiring employees 

Personality test questions given to prospective mistresses. 

Pursuant to your business question: we only hire nice people. I don't care if a
girl is absolutely exquisite looking -- 

My husband has met beautiful, beautiful girls -- 

-- beautiful girls -- 

-- and he's in the end, he would say, "Well, I won't hire them." I'm like, ‘Are
you insane? 

I won't hire them. I hire -- 

Why not? 

Because I want someone who's going to treat people nicely and well. We have -- 

How can you tell whether they will or will not? Just by talking to them? 

Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a leg up on it. 

And he's been right. And I have made him hire these girls, and ultimately he's
been right They've been complete pain in the asses! 

I also have a profile they fill out for me, a mini-MMPI that I developed, so
that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together 

I don't know if you'd like to see one. 

No, no, no. Just -- 

I could show you. 

So I have a mini-MMPI that I -- 

Could I have a sample, not necessarily one that's filled out, but just one that
you -- 

I'll show you. 

The questions are -- 

Be careful. He'll make you fill one out. 

You'd be scared. You wouldn't hire me. Is it only girls you hire? 

Yeah. 

What would a question like "the greatest woman in the world" reveal to you? 

No question would reveal anything independently of all the questions together --

Sure. 

-- but I have a chart that I'll go through; the MMPI. The baseline data that I
use to -- 

How did you originate these questions? 

Where did I make them? You get a baseline from asking girls and refining
profiles -- 

And it's an amalgamation of questions. 

Of many, many questions -- 

What's your favorite question? I don't know, the O.J. Simpson …. 

Yeah, I see O.J. Simpson. What would that be an indicator of? 

I'm not sure which one you gave him, but there's a brief, brief, brief IQ test
there. Very brief. 

Do you ask for references? 

No, because I really can't call and tell them I'm yeah, so-and-so's applying
here for a position. 

Jack Herrick, wikiHow founder interviewed by Wikinews Saturday, January 31, 2009

Herrick at RecentChangesCamp 2008 Image: ShakataGaNai. 

wikiHow is a wiki-based site which aims to "build the world's largest, highest
quality how-to manual." It recently published its 50,000th article, and to
discuss what the site has achieved since its creation, Wikinews interviewed the
site's founder, Jack Herrick. 

In the interview, Herrick explains what wikiHow is, why he decided to create it,
how he grew it in size, and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license
(HyperLink) for his site. Read below for more of the interview in full. 

Interview 

For our readers who are unaware of your site, could you briefly explain what
wikiHow is? 

Sure. wikiHow is a collaborative effort to build the world's largest, highest
quality how-to manual. Our long term goal is to produce practical instructions
on almost every topic in every language. We're quite far from our goals
currently, but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets
noticeably better and larger We currently have just under 50000 articles and
over 1000 featured articles. We hope that in time, we will have millions of
articles with many of them having featured status. That said, we are realistic
enough to realize that this goal will take decades to achieve. However, in terms
of readership, we are probably the most popular single subject wiki after
Wikipedia. We get over 14 million unique visitors per month (source: Google
Analytics), which makes us the 135th most popular site according to Quantcast.
[Note: The interview took place just before the 50000 milestone was met] 

Like Wikipedia, wikiHow is a wiki that runs on Mediawiki software. Our community
is full of volunteers from all over the world. That said, we are quite different
from Wikipedia in several respects: 

We are much smaller. The English wikiHow has only 60 admins, compared to the
1000 + on English Wikipedia. As a result, wikiHow is still at the size that
every editor eventually gets to know other editors. 

We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving
a social good. This has several advantages and disadvantages when compared to
the non-profit structure at the Wikimedia Foundation. We show opt-out
advertising to anonymous visitors rather than ask for donations. Our advertising
revenue funds community meetups and has even allowed us to donate over $ 60,000
to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons.
(http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Contributions-to-Charity). In addition, we've
used our revenue on things like buying carbon offsets to become carbon neutral.
(http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Carbon-Neutral) 

Our community culture is focused on wikiLove and civility. As a result some
folks believe wikiHow is a more humane and enjoyable place to work than other
places online. 

Why did you decide to create wikiHow? 

I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most
empowering things you can offer a person. Imagine having detailed step-by-step
instructions on how to do any activity you could imagine. How much more could
you accomplish as an individual if you could learn any activity? I think that
building a universal how-to manual would be a tremendous gift for the world.
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more
powerful. 

I've been interested in building a comprehensive how-to manual long before I
first envisioned wikiHow. My first attempt at building this resource was a
website I used to run called eHow. eHow was and continues to be the largest and
how to website in the world. eHow contains copyrighted content run on
proprietary software. When I ran eHow, the content was professionally produced
and edited. This business model worked for producing content on topics that
appeal to advertisers in languages like English that have large advertising
markets. However, paying people to write and edit articles ultimately means that
you have to make one of two sacrifices. You either 1) sacrifice on breadth and
don't produce the topics that won't interest advertisers, or 2) you sacrifice on
quality and produce content that doesn't cost much to write. I wasn't interested
in making either of these sacrifices, as I think the world's how to manual needs
to be high quality AND comprehensive. So ultimately I decided that eHow's model
would not build the resource I envisioned. When I discovered Wikipedia, I
recognized that the wiki model had the potential to build the how-to resource
the world really needs. So I decided to sell eHow and use the proceeds to build
wikiHow. 

Why did you decide to use a Creative Commons license? 

We use a Creative Commons license to give our community the right to fork
(http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Right-to-Fork). In my opinion, people should be
hesitant to contribute to websites where you only have the "right to leave." If
wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction, they can take
all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere. This is
possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL
license and release our content under a Creative Commons license. This right to
fork guarantees that wikiHow, the company, will always serve the goal of the
mission and our volunteer community. I believe that offering this right to fork
has been a key element of our success thus far. My hope is that over time,
internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a
way that creates value for others. That said, when we started out I didn't know
the difference between the GNU Free Document License and my California Driver's
license. As a result, we made some mistakes along the path. In retrospect, I
think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of
CC-BY-SA-NC. At a minimum this would provide a helpful compatibility with other
wikis and free culture projects. 

wikiHow now has millions of visitors per month. How did you grow the site to the
size it is today? 

In December 2008, wikiHow had over 14 million unique visitors according to
Google Analytics (Full data: http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Statistics).
Quantcast ranks wikiHow as the 135th most popular site in the US.
(http://www.quantcast.com/wikihow.com). wikiHow achieved this popularity for a
few reasons. First, people around the world are desperate for high quality
how-to information. People want to learn more practical skills, and for the most
part the internet doesn't provide enough quality information yet. Second, we
attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing: We had
some articles of mixed quality, and editors joined to improve those articles,
which in turn attracted more readers. We continue to depend on this same
virtuous cycle: More readers, means more editors, which creates better
instructions, leading again to more readers. It is the same virtuous circle that
Wikipedia has enjoyed. 

Wikinews interviews academic Simon Ličen about attitudes towards US Paralympics
Saturday, November 16, 2013 

A Russian stamp for Paralympic Games in Sochi in 2014 

On Thursday, with 110 days until the start of the 2014 Winter Paralympics in
Sochi, Russia, Wikinews interviewed Assistant Professor in Educational
Leadership, Sport Studies and Educational / Counseling Psychology at Washington
State University Simon Ličen about attitudes in United States towards the
Paralympics. 

Ličen has recently joined the Sport Management Program at Washington State
University to develop its sport media and communication research and teaching
contents. Originally from Slovenia, he served as the Director of Media and
Communications of a WTA Tour event and was a member of the UNESCO Slovenian
National Commission. He was also the Team Manager of the Slovenian wheelchair
basketball national team. 

Why do you think the Paralympic movement has so little visibility in the US
compared to other countries like Australia, the United Kingdom and even Canada?

Sports in the United States largely reaffirm existing relations of power in
society. It emphasizes consumerism, the belief that success always goes to
people who merit it due to their abilities, dedication and qualifications, and
reinforces, rather than changes, existing ideas related to gender, ethnicity and
nationality. Paralympic sport brings attention to athletes who are typically
overlooked in American society because the majority of the population does not
want to identify with people who are disabled. Although disability is not
contagious, interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity
of the males following it. Disabled athletes also challenge existing relations
of power by displaying dedication, hard work and perseverance in different
contexts than those most sports fans are accustomed to. 

Other countries, including the ones you mention, have stronger social
orientations in all aspects of society. Even though legislative support may be
less strong than the one provided by the Americans with Disabilities Act, many
social institutions including the media are more receptive to this form of
diversity. 

What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with
the Games being televised live in the United States for first time? 

The impact depends on a number of aspects. One of them is the channels that NBC
as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the
Paralympic Games on. Will they be shown nationally or regionally, on NBC or on
any of the company’s multiple cable networks? A second aspect is the parts or
hours of the day the Paralympics will be shown. Remember that there is a
nine-hour difference between Sochi and New York, and a 12-hour difference
between Sochi and the US West Coast. So daytime events will be shown live in the
United States in the middle of the night, and evening prime-time events will be
shown — indeed live — in the morning U.S. time. So showing the Paralympics live
on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears.
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated: will NBC have
its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter
Olympics? Will they treat and announce the competitions as they do all others —
for better and worse? Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers
about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances
without engaging in a discourse of pity? All in all, I think this is a terrific
opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects; but we will
have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters
will meet these expectations. 

Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire Sunday, May 28, 2006 

The LibriVox website features a catalog of about a hundred completed books,
including books in other languages like German, Hebrew, and Japanese. 

Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain works into your
own hands, and how did you go about it? 

I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world, and
so I thought: here's a way to help the cause. I launched LibriVox, emailed some
friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff, and invited them to
record a chapter of Joseph Conrad's Secret Agent. Things have grown steadily
since. By the way, AKMA was the first guy I know of to do something like this,
with Lawrence Lessig's Free Culture. That, I think, started my thinking about
this, but it took a while for the idea to crystallize. 

Hugh McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated. 

Do you personally record audiobooks, and did you already do so before LibriVox?

LibriVox was my first experience recording audiobooks. I still do the odd
chapter, but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days! 

Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the
quality, the overall effort involved, its popularity, or for some other reason?

My personal favourite is Notes from the Underground (Dostoyevsky). Other random
good ones: 

Austen, Jane. Pride and Prejudice 

Christie, Agatha. The Mysterious Affair at Styles 

London, Jack. White Fang 

Macaulay, Thomas Babington. History of England (Volume 1, Chapter 1) 

Marx, Karl and Engels, Friedrich. The Communist Manifesto (solo) 

Twain, Mark. A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (solo) 

Ed.: See the LibriVox catalog for a full index. 

Browsing the catalog, I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly
from text to text or even from chapter to chapter. If someone wanted to
re-record a chapter because they didn't like the speaker, would you then offer
two versions? 

Yes. We take the Wikipedia approach: if you think it should be better, please
help it be so. You'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books. Indeed
our weekly poetry project celebrates this diversity of voice: each week a new
short poem is chosen and as many readers as wish to record a version, so you get
20 + versions of the same poem, a very interesting audio experience. 

Besides works whose copyright has expired, there is an increasing number of
modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses. You
mentioned Larry Lessig's Free Culture, but it also includes some out of print
titles by publishers who are open to the concept, such as O'Reilly. Do you want
to limit the scope of LibriVox strictly to old public domain works, or do you
have plans to include recent works under reasonably permissive licenses as well?

We are only doing public domain works, for a number of reasons, partly to keep
simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means its as simple as
can be. CC makes things more complex. Also, there are other sites, notably
podiobooks.com, which are better suited to CC works than LibriVox. we find it
makes things clear and easy to say: published works, public domain, and leave it
at that. 

As far as I can tell, podiobooks.com features "free as in beer" content —
material which you can download, but which isn't under a free content license.
Instead of "public domain", wouldn't "free content" work just as well, using
something like the Free Content Definition to limit the scope? 

This needs more discussion obviously: we chose public domain because the texts
we use are public domain and we didn't want to add new restrictions, especially
not non-commercial, since already our recordings are being used for a number of
commercialish projects (I can't recall any specific project names, but some
pay-education sites use LV stuff). That's good and well and fine with us. We
don't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings, we want
anyone to use them for whatever they want. 

Also, for the thing to work you need to have many dedicated volunteers willing
to do the management (onerous) and many willing to do the reading. While Pride
and Prejudice will attract many readers, I don't know about O'Reilly's latest
tome on XML ... though I might be wrong. 

Friday, January 3, 2014 

Preston, Victoria, Australia On Saturday, Wikinews interviewed Tina McKenzie, a
former member of the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team,
known as the Gliders. McKenzie, a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in
wheelchair basketball, retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics
in London. Wikinews caught up with her in a cafe in the leafy Melbourne suburb
of Preston. 

[The Spitfire Tournament in Canada] was a really good tournament actually. It
was a tournament that I wish we'd actually gone back to more often. 

Who plays in that one? 

It's quite a large Canadian tournament, and so we went as the Gliders team. So
we were trying to get as many international games as possible. Cause that's one
of our problems really, to compete. It costs us so much money to for us to
travel overseas and to compete internationally. And so we can compete against
each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ... 

It's not the same. 

No, it's really not, so it's really important to be able to get as a many
international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement. Also see
where all the other teams are at as well. But yes, Spitfire was good. We took
quite a few new girls over there back then in 2005, leading into the World Cup
in the Netherlands. 

Was that the one where you were the captain of the team, in 2005? Or was that a
later one? 

No, I captained in 2010. So 2009, 2010 World Cup. And then I had a bit of some
time off in 2011. 

The Gliders have never won the World Championship. 

We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup. I
don't know why. It's really strange occurrence, over the years. 2002 World Cup,
we won bronze. Then in 2006 we ended up fourth. It was one of the worst World
Cups we've played actually. And then in 2010 we just ... I don't know what
happened. We just didn't play as well as we thought we would. Came fourth. But
you know what? Fired us up for the actual Paralympics. So the World Cup is ...
it's good to be able to do well at the World Cup, to be placed, but it also
means that you get a really good opportunity to know where you're at in that two
year gap between the Paralympics. So you can come back home and revisit what you
need to do and, you know, where the team's at. And all that sort of stuff. 

Unfortunately, they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year before
the Paralympics. 

Oh really. 

The competition from the [FIFA] World Cup and all. 

Right. Well, that would be sad. 

Tina McKenzie. Image: Australian Paralympic Committee. 

Frank Messina: An Interview with the 'Mets Poet' Wednesday, October 3, 2007 

You have received a good deal of attention recently. 

Even though Im not Michael Jackson or somebody, when people come up to me and
introduce themselves and say, 'Hey Frank, my name is John,' I say, 'Hey John, my
name is Frank' and they laugh. It's a funny phenomenon. 

What goes through your head when that happens? 

I understand it. I've gone to readings and concerts. I look at it as human
interaction. Over the years I have performed in 32 countries and 40 states. I've
been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties, and before that since
I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses. The band I
started in 1993, Spoken Motion, received a lot of recognition as a spoken word
band born out of the New York spoken word scene. I worked with some great
musicians and performed around the world. I remember signing my first autograph
to a kid when I was 25 years old. As time went on, I came out with books and
CDs, and I became used to that kind of thing. To me, the ultimate feeling of
success as an artist, is to move somebody enough where they thank you. When
someone comes up and says, 'Frank, thank you, your work is great." 

You have a long career in poetry, but as of late the attention you have garnered
is for the Mets-inspired work. How do you feel about having a lot of your work
overshadowed by the Mets work? 

It's ironic. Some of the greatest poetry has been born out of failure and the
depths of adversity in the human experience. Walt Whitman, the first great
American poet, wrote about the Civil War. He went looking for his brother,
George Whitman, after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the
South. When he started out his poems were about beating drums, and blow, bugle,
blow. Real patriotic. Then he started to see the real horrors of war. He was
able to tap into the human condition and the situation at that time. Eventually
when he found his brother he had resolution. 

I experienced that kind of adversity during 9/11 being a civilian volunteer. I
loaded ferry boats in Jersey City across the river to deliver goods to Ground
Zero. I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the
world right now. When I wrote my 9/11-related poems, that was true adversity. I
realize baseball is just a game. 

Can you recite a stanza that expresses how you feel right now? 

This was a piece that the Times only quoted one stanza, but it's about
preparation for a battle, and being prepared to either rise to the occasion, or
go down: 

Do you know what it's like to be chased by the Ghost of Failure while staring
through Victory's door? Of course you do, you're a Mets fan caught in a
do-or-die moment in late September at Shea 

As one thats battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say, "in order to
rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship", Have no
fear, no hesitation, for Winning shall be it's reward! 

Don't let them get in your head! you've kept it up this long You're a Mets fan
in late September and youll fight til the glorious end Cheer the team today;
(your boys in orange and blue) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what's
mightily due 

(copyright Frank Messina; reprinted with permission)" 

Sports fans aren't known as patrons of poetry. Have you had interaction with
"new readers' through your Mets work? 

This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an
e-mail. The e-mail said, 'Frank, I have never bothered you during the game, but
I just wanted to say thank you for your work and thank you for making some sense
of the successes and failures and I wish you much success with your work.' 

Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know'. That's
all it said. Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said,
"Poet says We Know". It was amazing. We didn't use the banner this year, though,
because we didn't know. The team wasn't so far ahead that we knew. Last year we
just knew we were going to the playoffs; we knew we were going post-season. This
year we weren't sure. We were walking on eggshells. 

There was a woman, a season ticket holder and a die hard fan. She was staggered
by the loss last year to the Cardinals. Last year she came up to me during one
of the games late in the season; she was so happy we were going to the post
season. By that point we had clinched it. She handed me a shirt she bought at
the stadium and she gave me a big hug. With tears in her eyes she said, "Thank
you, Mets Poet, thank you." It's cool ... it's like another family. 

Moments like that must make you realize you have touched people who aren't
normally touched by poetry. 

It's opened up a new fan base, so to speak. For the last year SNY has broadcast
footage of me with my poems, so quite a few fans known about the "Mets Poet'. I
have never called myself that, by the way. The back of my jersey says "The Poet'
because growing up that was my nickname. My brother was a runner and they used
to call him The Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet. It was a
natural thing, but I never coined myself as 'The Mets Poet.' 

The Onion: An interview with 'America's Finest News Source' Sunday, November 25,
2007 

How The Onion writes an issue 

This exclusive interview features first-hand journalism by a Wikinews reporter.
See the collaboration page for more details. 

How do you decide on the stories? 

We do everything backwards here. We start with the headline and then flesh out
the story, as opposed to The New York Times, which writes the issue and then has
a headline editor to make it snappy. We start with a joke. We read about six
hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a
small group of writers outside — a contributing core. We whittle that down on a
Monday to about a hundred, come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with
the whole editorial staff; all fifteen of us. Then we assign a headline to a
specific writer to execute. We go through a number of drafts and then have the
editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic
design team, who adds the visual aspect to it. The editors punch it up over the
last couple of days and then it goes out over the Internet and into the print
edition. 

So you don’t have writers coming up with a story and headline, but you will
instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to
a particular writer who was not necessarily involved? 

Writers will occasionally write their own headlines, but we come up with a list
of 15 or 20 headline ideas, what we think will make a good story and then we
assign it based upon what people’s writing strengths are. We have some people
who are great at politics; some people we give all the war stuff to; someone who
is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment
stories. 

The headlines 

Editorial Manager Chet Clem and President Sean Mills. Image: David Shankbone 

It seems like some publications, like AM New York, always have a Britney Spears
story; is there anything similar with The Onion where they continually revisit a
topic or person? 

No, not necessarily. We are a little less reactionary. We tend to target the
zeitgeist more than anything. We’ll hit the mainstream media’s portrayal of the
entertainment world as much as we’ll hit characters in the entertainment world.
We’ll attack People Magazine’s coverage of Britney as much as Britney. 

In an interview with Terry Gross, Stephen Colbert said of his time at Second
City that they had decided on not doing political humor and, in particular,
hackneyed political humor such as Ted Kennedy drinking jokes. They felt it was
overdone, mean-spirited and not funny. Do your writers have similar rules of
thumb? 

We don’t have any rules or known lines we won’t cross. We have an understanding
based upon having the same writers in the back room for years, and those writers
training the new writers as they come in. There is an understanding in the room.
If it makes the room laugh, it probably ends up in the paper. One example is we
ran an article a couple of years back that was, "No Jennifer Lopez News Today".
That was our reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff. We weren’t going to touch on her
dress, or who she was dating. Just the fact that those were the lead stories for
so many days, in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine. 

I think it’s important we have an original take on those things. I think it’s
similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross. We don’t want to just traffic in
the same 24 hour news cycle. There’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on
all the late night talk shows. The Onion has a different creative process where
we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes. We
want an original take. If we choose to do something on J-Lo, it’s going to be
something like that, something less obvious. 

When you are going through the headlines, is it just you guys sitting around
trying to crack each other up? 

It’s the least amount of fun possible. Nah, I’m kidding. It’s actually more
businesslike than you’d imagine. It’s very much like you are trying to make the
room laugh, but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years
now, so it takes a lot to make the room laugh. 

The best analogy I’ve heard is when Rob Siegel, former editor-in-chief, likened
it to wine tasting. It’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in
what the joke is, have we done anything like this, is it a unique take, what are
other people doing. It’s sort of like," Hmmm ... that’s hilarious. That’s really
really funny" rather than people falling off their chairs. It’s more subdued
than I think what most people would expect. 

It’s more analytical and clinical? 

Not all the time, but it can’t be a laugh a minute. 

Yeah, what you see on Studio 60 and 30 Rock, those are scripted writers rooms.
Everything is funny there. There's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a
back room, that's why they stay and die in that back room and don’t go out in
The Onion. 

If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes, do you eventually fire them? 

That’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they get kicked
out. It can be a real mess on Broadway. 

By the time you get to be a writer for The Onion, though, the odds are you are
going to succeed because we make it pretty challenging. You go through quite a
bit. You will already have demonstrated a pretty long successful record of
writing stuff for us before you will be in that room on a daily basis. But if
somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny, then yeah, head
first, out the door as quickly as possible, and as sadistically as possible. 

The future of the peace process in Israel 

"The future is only peace. The problem is how long will it take and how many
victims will it call for." Shimon Peres image: David Shankbone. 

Mr. President, as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the
modern peace process in Israel, do you still think that there is a future to the
peace process? 

The future is only peace. The problem is how long will it take and how many
victims will it call for. Why do I say peace? Because when you look
historically, at the development of humanity, most of our lives we are living on
the land. The history is written with red ink. The reason for it is because
people were fighting for our land, either defending it or extending it, because
that was the main source. The land, the natural resources, the markets, all
these go together. The minute the land was replaced by science, what is there to
fight about? Armies cannot conquer science. Customs cannot check what a
scientist has in his mind, they can see what he has in his pocket but not what
he has in his mind so it’s uncontrolled; it means that borders aren’t important
and distances aren’t important. 

How do you approach the difficult challenge of talking to the Palestinians when,
in the end, they don’t want Israel to exist. How do you come to an understanding
to make peace possible? 

Well, what is the problem? I mean, is the problem national, say between Jews and
Arabs; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age? You
see, the terrorists are protesting against modernity. They think that modernity
may endanger their tradition. They are simply afraid and hate modernity. They
consider modernity as their enemy, but then they have two problems. First of
all, can they exist on tradition? They cannot. Sooner or later they will have to
enter the new age. All the talks about nationalities, etcetera, well, the new
age has very little patience for history. History is becoming more and more
irrelevant. 

How do you feel about that? 

Well, I distinguish between two histories, the spiritual and the material. Or
the history of events and the history of values. The history of values is okay
because wisdom is ageless; it doesn’t grow old, like material. 

But events are totally unimportant for 2 reasons. First, the event is
unimportant. Tell me, what events is today important such as how many elephants
Hannibal had on the Alps, when you can have helicopters? Why should I bother my
children with all this nonsense? What sort of a nose did Cleopatra have? God, I
don’t know! You can invite people to war over noses, but nobody will go to fight
for noses any more. On the other hand, there are already machines that can
replace our memory. Why should I bother my child with memory when he can buy a
computer that will remember everything you asked him to remember? 

The waning importance of history 

Isn’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from
memory? Although a computer can have … 

No, no. Forget memory. Look, the new age is unprecedented. When something is
unprecedented, it means it doesn’t have a past, doesn’t have a history. It’s
totally oriented on the future. And whoever dwells in the past, doesn’t
understand the future because the past is full of prejudices, of commitments. It
arrests us. And then you say you won’t commit a mistake, so you’ll commit new
mistakes. It doesn’t matter. 

`` I say brains is the greater producer of wealth, not oil. It’s limitless, and
you’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis’. So they are 3
times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world. We have brains." —
Peres, on whether the Arab states' oil wealth will eclipse Israel's prominence
in the region. 

What about the adage, “Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it”? 

So they will make new mistakes. Mistake is inevitable as long as there are human
beings. But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on
repetition; it’s built on mutation. 

Don’t you think Darfur is repetition? 

I think Darfur is, again, the last, or among the last battles between old and
new. What are they fighting for? What are they killing killing killing over?
They don’t carry futures. It’s not a mistake. It belongs to a past. It doesn’t
have a moment. I am sure that the reasons for war are over, even though still
there are wars which are an inertia from the past, a continuation that doesn’t
make sense. I’m answering your question. The problem is how to enable the whole
world to enter the new future, including the Arabs. And there are already Arabs
who did it. Look at Turkey, who is knocking on the doors of the united Europe.
Why? It’s not a geographic endeavor, it is an intellectual endeavor. They say
you can be Muslim and modern. 

Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev Wednesday,
September 19, 2007 

Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz
Kinneret, Tiberias. Currently Shalev is a Professor at Hebrew University of
Jerusalem's Einstein Institute of Mathematics. At the moment Shalev is in Levico
Terme, Trento, Italy for a conference. He was interviewed by Wikinews. 

Interview 

Aner Shalev 

What are you going to talk about here in Levico? 

I called it Character, walks and words. There is a whole topic which is called
asymptotic groups theory. There are groups which express the symmetry of some
structures. Studying groups is a bit like studying symmetry. It's very beautiful
I think. And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you don't look at
the small details. It's like from the sky. You look at the general patterns. And
there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called
representation theory. So I will mainly talk about how to use a representation
theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups
theory. 

Why did you choose to study mathematics? 

First of all because it was beautiful. When I was ten my father already showed
me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite
apparent. I also like the freedom in mathematics. If you study physics or
chemistry then you should describe the real world. But in mathematics you can
build your own structures. You can walk in worlds created by the imagination of
people. You're not committed to the real world. It's almost like God to some
extent. You can create worlds, you can study them. I think it's a combination of
the beauty, of the imagination, of the freedom. 

Many people, and many students, dislike math. Why do you think it is so? 

First of all I think maybe they have bad teachers, which is a problem. You have
to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and to
succeed in it. Probably some people mainly think about the scientific part of it
– you have to be accurate - and they see less these elements of the freedom, and
the imagination, and creation. Maybe they don't like the precise nature of
mathematics. Also when I talk mathematics I notice the language is very
important in mathematics and I actually notice that many times people fail in
mathematics because they don't know how to write a composition. They have ideas
but they cannot formulate them in the right way. Actually I find many
connections between mathematics and literature because almost all the thing I
told about mathematics are also seen in literature and in writing because when
you write you can describe the real world, but you can also create worlds of
fiction. So you have imagination, you have total freedom, you can invent
characters, you can invent all kind of development and surprises and this kind
of end of story or another. Also the language is important in writing and in
literature. So in a way people often don't know how to combine the two fields.
It could look like almost the opposite: literature is kind of arts and
mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where
mathematician who were writers. For example the most famous is Lewis Carrol,
author of Alice in Wonderland. 

You're not only a mathematician. You also wrote two collections of short stories
and a novel. Why did you begin to write? 

When I was quite young I was interested in psychoanalysis and in dreams. I was
trying to interpret my dreams. I started to write down my dreams. And then I
noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down. Sometimes I make them
more pretty then they were actually. So instead of documenting the dreams it
gradually became also like adding creational elements, and I think that somehow
through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing, also poems, but mainly
stories. I'm a little bit inspired by dreams but when eventually I started to
write more seriously I was more interested in structure which also .. a bit like
mathematics in a way .. for example my first book is called Opus 1 .. a
collection of four long stories with musical structures. The first part is
called Legato and the second part was called Staccato. In the legato part the
sentences are very long and without breaks almost like stream of consciousness.
In the staccato part it's like a music: a lot of break, very very short
sentences. It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the
music and the psychology of people. In the second book I made another
experiment. It's a book of opening, Overtures I called it, and there is no end
to the stories. There are seventy beginning of stories without ends. In the
novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing:
simple narrative and email. It keeps changing between narrative and email.
Another thing was two different time scapes: one goes very slow and one goes
very fast and they almost kind of meet in the end. It's a little bit like
Achilles and the turtle. ... love story and romance and surprises and tragedies
and all this but also this structure interested me a lot. 

Why did you choose this particular structure? 

When I tell stories I don't like that everything will be clear from the
beginning. I like that something will be a bit of secret, or even unreliable
narrator: someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more
and you become thrilled by everything. I think by using emails on the one hand
which are more the voice of the woman Eva and narrative which is more the
perspective of the man Adam, I kind of confront them, their different
perspective and then kind somehow you can see the distortions in the way the
story is told. I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual
clarification of the relationship and the forth going on. 

Keep your eyes peeled for cosmic debris: Andrew Westphal about Stardust @ home 

Sunday, May 28, 2006 

Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild
(also known as "Wild 2) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15,
2006. It was decided that a collaborative online review process would be used to
"discover" the microscopically small samples the capsule collected. The project
is called Stardust @ home. Unlike distributed computing projects like SETI @
home, Stardust @ home relies entirely on human intelligence. 

Andrew Westphal is the director of Stardust @ home. Wikinews interviewed him for
May's Interview of the Month (IOTM) on May 18, 2006. As always, the interview
was conducted on IRC, with multiple people asking questions. 

Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is. Can you explain
more about it for us? 

Artist's rendering of Spacecraft Stardust Image: NASA 

Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999. It is really two
missions in one. The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample
from a known primitive solar-system body, a comet called Wild 2 (pronounced
"Vilt-two" — the discoverer was German, I believe). This is the first US "sample
return" mission since Apollo, and the first ever from beyond the moon. This
gives a little context. By "sample return" of course I mean a mission that
brings back extraterrestrial material. I should have said above that this is the
first "solid" sample return mission — Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun
almost two years ago, but Stardust is also bringing back the first solid samples
from the local interstellar medium — basically this is a sample of the Galaxy.
This is absolutely unprecedented, and we're obviously incredibly excited. I
should mention parenthetically that there is a fantastic launch video — taken
from the POV of the rocket on the JPL Stardust website — highly recommended —
best I've ever seen — all the way from the launch pad, too. Basically
interplanetary trajectory. Absolutely great. 

Is the video available to the public? 

Yes [see below]. OK, I digress. The first challenge that we have before can do
any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find
them. This is a big challenge because they are very small (order of micron in
size) and are somewhere (we don't know where) on a HUGE collector — at least on
the scale of the particle size — about a tenth of a square meter. So ... 

We're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years
ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab
in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center. This is the ARES group that handles
returned samples (Moon Rocks, Genesis chips, Meteorites, and Interplanetary Dust
Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere). The microscope collects stacks
of digital images of the aerogel collectors in the array. These images are sent
to us — we compress them and convert them into a format appropriate for Stardust
@ home. 

Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a "Virtual Microscope"
that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads
are required. Using the Virtual Microscope volunteers can search over the
collector for the tracks of the interstellar dust particles. 

Aerogel slice removed with an ultrasonic blade, showing particle tracks. Image:
NASA 

How many samples do you anticipate being found during the course of the project?

Great question. The short answer is that we don't know. The long answer is a bit
more complicated. Here's what we know. The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft
carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to
first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming
into the solar system. (This is a kind of "wind" of interstellar dust, caused by
the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar
medium.) Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles
that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the "cruise"
phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this
wind. He estimated that there should be around 45 particles, but this number is
very uncertain — I wouldn't be surprised if it is quite different from that.
That was the long answer! One thing that I should say ... is that like all
research, the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain. There is a
wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — "If we knew what we were doing, it
wouldn't be called "research", would it?" 

How big would the samples be? 

We expect that the particles will be of order a micron in size. (A millionth of
a meter.) When people are searching using the virtual microscope, they will be
looking not for the particles, but for the tracks that the particles make, which
are much larger — several microns in diameter. Just yesterday we switched over
to a new site which has a demo of the VM (virtual microscope) I invite you to
check it out. The tracks in the demo are from submicron carbonyl iron particles
that were shot into aerogel using a particle accelerator modified to accelerate
dust particles to very high speeds, to simulate the interstellar dust impacts
that we're looking for. 

And that's on the main Stardust @ home website [see below]? 

Yes. 

Over 900 asylum seekers rescued off Indonesian coast Monday, May 18, 2015 

On Friday, fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank, and the
Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along
the coast of Aceh, Indonesia. 

Major general Fuad Basya, spokesman for the Indonesian military, said fisherman
first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them. The
rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya, a stateless minority of
Muslims from Myanmar. Myanmar is mainly Buddhist and the United Nations rates
the Rohingya among the world's most persecuted groups. According to ABC News,
Basya also believes the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat
on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters. 

Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of turning away boats of
migrants which, according to AFP, the Untied Nations and United States have both
criticised. 

One Rohingya, Muhammad Amin, the first boat rescued on Friday was turned around
twice, toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian
navy. 

Discussing his concern in a public statement, Malaysia's Prime Minister, Najib
Razak said, "We are in contact with all relevant parties, with whom we share the
desire to find a solution to this crisis". 

Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking, which has affected the
routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants. 

The US State Department said John Kerry, the Secretary of State, contacted
Thailand's foreign minister over temporary housing for the Rohingya out at sea.
Jeff Rathke, the State Department Spokesperson, said, "We urge the governments
of the region to work together quickly, first and foremost, to save the lives of
migrants now at sea who are in need of an immediate rescue effort". Rathke also
asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of people
seeking asylum. 

Estimates suggest 8000 migrants may be currently at sea in the region. 

Texas student Ahmed Mohamed inspires social movement Tuesday, September 22, 2015

News of police response to a boy's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired
a global social movement in support of the youth. Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old
boy from Irving, Texas, was arrested at his school by police after he brought a
digital clock he had made to school. After news of the police response was
reported, Mohamed received support online ranging from US President Barack Obama
to Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg. Yesterday Mohamed received VIP attention at
Google headquarters in California at the Google Science Fair — and tomorrow he
plans to meet international dignitaries at the United Nations headquarters in
New York. 

US President Barack Obama tweet to student Ahmed Mohamed Image: Twitter / Barack
Obama. 

Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14, and a
teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb. Police arrested and questioned
the student. Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the
police were quickly posted and reposted online. 

The Deseret News observed that the hashtag on Twitter, #IStandWithAhmed, had
become an international phenomenon. The Straits Times noted what began as
individual messages to Mohamed had grown into a "support movement". American
academic and professor Marc Lamont Hill commented, "Hoping that the
#istandwithahmed movement translates into a substantive national conversation on
race, punishment, and incarceration." 

The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to
their Google Science Fair. Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair
this weekend, and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google's
headquarters located in Mountain View, California. Co-founder of Google, Sergey
Brin, personally met with Mohamed during his visit to Google. 

On Wednesday, Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations. His
father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the
U.N. headquarters in New York, because international dignitaries wanted to meet
with his son and express their support. 

Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the
incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed. She chose the hastag
#IStandWithAhmed and posted to Twitter. Jafari said she felt Mohamed had been
subject to Islamophobia and her hashtag created greater awareness about this
issue. The hashtag took on a life of its own, and was used in messages on
Twitter over one million times by Thursday night. 

NASA tweeted support of Ahmed Mohamed via its account International Space
Station Image: Twitter / NASA. 

US President Barack Obama tweeted using his @POTUS account: 

"Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more
kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great." 

Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship.
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was
welcome to come and tour the company. 

Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic
Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention
to spotlight social causes including the treatment of Muslims in the United
States. 

University of Texas Arlington Muslim Student Association president Sehar Memon
said the large amount of positive feedback for Mohamed had helped make his
situation much better. Memon also said she believed the social movement in
reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim. 

Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department
have asserted that the boy's religion and name were not a factor in the manner
in which they approached the situation. 

At least 107 killed in Mecca crane collapse Saturday, September 12, 2015 

pilgrims at Mecca's Grand Mosque in 2008. 

A storm yesterday caused a crane to fall into Mecca's Grand Mosque, killing 107
or more and wounding 238, according to Saudi Arabia's Civil Defense Authority. 

Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr, in remarks to
al-Ikhbariya television, said "All those who were wounded and the dead have been
taken to hospital. There are no casualties left at the location." 

The accident, which occurred yesterday afternoon, was caused by strong winds and
heavy rain that led the crane to fall. Photos released of the scene showed
numerous bloodied bodies and various scattered debris. 

The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively uncrowded. "Had
it happened an hour later it would have been much worse," Khaled Al-Maeena,
editor at large at the Saudi Gazette, said. "Had it happened five hours earlier
or four hours earlier, I think the death toll would have been more than a
thousand." 

The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj, the
annual pilgrimage to Mecca, Islam's holiest site. As undergoing a pilgrimage to
Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and
financially can, millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj.
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and
improve crowd control, which has been a recurring problem during Mecca's
pilgrimages. 

Scientology defector arrested after attempting to leave organization 

Saturday, October 9, 2010 

Recent reports have revealed that a defector from the elite group within
Scientology called the Sea Org was first persuaded to travel back to a
management building for the organization in California, where he was
interrogated by an attorney for Scientology and then arrested. 

Daniel Montalvo in September 2010, after having left the elite group within
Scientology called the Sea Org. Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for
Good critical of Scientology, written by Marc Headley. Image: Mark Rathbun. 

Daniel Montalvo, 19, a member of Scientology all his life, was arrested after
leaving its elite group the Sea Org. He was released on US$ 20,000 bail on
Thursday. Montalvo was charged with taking hard drives and a zip drive from the
Scientology organization after leaving the Sea Org group. The Sea Org requires
members to sign a billion-year-contract, agreeing to work for the organization
founded by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard for multiple lifetimes. Members
of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income, small diet provided
and significant time invested in work per day. 

Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom
Magazine, which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including
Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun. Montalvo had known Devocht personally, and came to
the conclusion that the claims made about him in the Freedom article were lies.
Montalvo was subsequently motivated to seek out information about Scientology on
the Internet, and came upon a blog written by Rathbun. Montalvo contacted former
members of Scientology, who helped him leave the organization and get in touch
with Devocht. He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht, who had told Montalvo
he would assist him with future employment and housing. 

According to Rathbun the Scientology property in question was returned by mail
to the organization by Montalvo shortly after he left the Sea Org. Scientology
officials have stated they have not received the materials. After calling the
Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother, Montalvo
was instead put through to a Scientology attorney, Kendrick Moxon. Rathbun
wrote, "Moxon proceeded to lie to Daniel that the hard drives were never
returned, and made a convincing case (not difficult to do with a 19 year old who
does not even know the three branches of government) that Daniel would be put
behind iron bars for a good long time, UNLESS of course, he returned and
cooperated with Moxon and routed out properly." To "route out" in Scientology
jargon refers to the member who wishes to leave proceeding through a set of
interrogative exit interviews while attached to the Scientology device called
the E-meter. 

According to Rathbun, a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff's office was
provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo.
Rathbun stated, 

"Daniel was picked up by an investigator in a black car with blacked out
windows. Instead of being taken to a hotel, where he could route out as
promised, he was taken to the Century City Towers. He was deposited in an office
on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours."
Rathbun asserted that Scientology officials, "... plied the Sheriff's detective
with a grand conspiracy theory, characterizing me as the 'anti-christ' of the
church of Scientology. ... The next thing Daniel knows he's in a cell where he
sat for the next 30 hours." 

Steve Whitmore, a representative for the LA Sheriff's office, told LA Weekly in
a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges
relating to grand theft. Whitmore stated Montalvo left Scientology-related
employment in Los Angeles on September 24. On September 29, Scientology
officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff's station where they claimed
Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives. Whitmore
told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida, Montalvo
"walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in", and told the
police, "everything he did". Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime
involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value. 

Montalvo has been assisted by former members of Scientology, including musician
Tiziano Lugli and actor Jason Beghe. Rathbun requested donations via a statement
made on his blog, in order to help Montalvo with his legal defense financing. He
described Montalvo as an individual, "facing the penitentiary in thanks for the
following sins: a) Leaving a lifehood of slavery to get a taste of freedom and
the world. b) Refusing - despite every provocation and incentive and threat - to
frame three guys who went out of their ways (and dipped into their pockets) to
help the kid achieve that freedom." 

New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative
election Friday, September 9, 2016 

The Hong Kong legislative election was held on Sunday, with a record-breaking
turnout of around 2 million voters and turnout rate of 58%. The results show the
anti-establishment camp successfully maintained a majority in the geographical
constituencies' seats thus veto power to any members' bills, and also a minority
larger than a third to veto any bills featuring major political reforms. Young
and new faces emerged in the new council members, as veteran politicians stepped
down in both the anti-establishment and pro-Beijing campus. 

Election Results 

Eddie Chu received the largest vote in any geographical constituency In the New
Territories West geographical constituency, nonpartisan pan-democrat Eddie Chu
was elected with 84,121 votes, the most given to any list in the geographical
constituencies. Other anti-establishment candidates elected in this district
were localist camp's Cheng Chung-tai of Civic Passion, pan-democracy camp's Kwok
Ka-ki and Andrew Wan of respectively Civic Party and the Democratic Party. The
pro-Beijing camp candidates elected were New People Party's Michael Tien, DAB's
Ben Chan and Leung Che-cheung, FTU's Alice Mak and pro-establishment nonpartisan
Junius Ho. Two pan-democratic veteran politicians Lee Cheuk-yan of the Labour
Party and Frederick Fung of ADPL were defeated in this constituency, with Junius
Ho defeating Lee Cheuk-yan by around five thousand votes. 

Michael Tien of NPP 

DAB's Elizabeth Quat In the New Territories East geographical constituency,
pan-democracy camp councillors Alvin Yeung from the Civic Party, Fernando Cheung
of the Labour Party, Raymond Chan of People Power, and Leung Kwok-hung of LSD
were successfully elected. Pan-democrat Lam Cheuk-ting from the Democratic Party
and localist group Youngspiration's Baggio Leung were successfully elected
newcomers. For the Pro-Beijing camp, Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with
58,825 votes, the highest in the constituency. Other pro-Beijing candidates
elected in this constituency were Gary Chan of DAB and Eunice Yung of New
People's Party. Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get
re-elected in this constituency, and resigned from his leadership in his party
due to its election defeat. 

Alvin Yeung of Civic Party 

New People Party's Regina Ip In the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency,
pro-Beijing New People Party's Regina Ip was re-elected with 60,760 votes. Other
pro-Beijing elected were FTU's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB's Horace Cheung.
Demosisto's Nathan Law earned a surprise victory as second place in the
constituency with 50,818 votes, and becomes the youngest Legislative Council
member in Hong Kong's history. The other two anti-establishment camp elects were
Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party, both
considered to be in the pan-democracy camp. Pan-democrat veteran Cyd Ho from the
Labour Party lost her seat in this constituency. 

Nathan Law of Demosisto 

Ann Chiang of DAB In the Kowloon West geographical constituency, pro-Beijing
councillors Ann Chiang of DAB and Priscilla Leung of BPA were successfully
re-elected, as well as pan-democratic councillors Claudia Mo of the Civic Party
and Wong Pik-wan of the Democratic Party. The rest of the candidates elected in
this constituency were young and relatively new activists from the localist
camp, Lau Siu-lai and Youngspiration's Yau Wai-ching. Yau Wai-ching defeated
another localist camp candidate, veteran politician Raymond Wong of the
Proletariat Political Institute, by 424 votes. 

Claudia Mo of Civic Party 

Wong Kwok-kin of FTU In the Kowloon East geographical constituency, pro-Beijing
district councillor Wilson Or was elected with 51,516 votes, the highest in this
constituency. Nonpartisan Paul Tse and Wong Kwok-kin of the FTU were
successfully re-elected. Pan-democracy camp councillor Wu Chi-wai of the
Democratic Party was elected. Civic Party's Jeremy Tam was elected for the first
time. Localist group Civic Passion's Wong Yeung-tat was defeated in this
district, and resigned his leadership in Civic Passion. 

Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party 

Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC; from file, 2008. In the District Council (Second)
functional constituency, commonly know as "Super District Council" seats,
pan-democracy camp's Kwong Chun-yu of the Democratic Party received 491,667
votes, the highest in this constituency. Other pan-democrats elected were Leung
Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party. Pro-Beijing DAB's Starry
Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency, while
pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694
votes by James To. 

DAB's Starry Lee; from file, 2015. 

In traditional functional constituencies, the pan-democracy camp gained a seat
from the pro-Beijing camp. Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency
defeated their opponents, hence the pan-democrats' seats in the functional
constituencies increased from 9 to 10. Also, an independent who does not claim
to belong to either camp, Edward Yiu of the Architectural, Surveying, Planning
and Landscape constituency, defeated his opponents and was elected. 

The turnout of this election was the highest in the history of Legislative
Council elections, with around 2 million voters voted and a turnout rate of 58%.
At a polling station in Taikoo of the Hong Kong Island constituency, after the
polls closed at 22:30, with the long queues outside the station the last ballot
there was cast at 2:30 the next day, four hours after the last person was
allowed to join the queue. The previous general legislative election in Hong
Kong was before the 2014 protests. The election elects 70 members of the
Legislative Council. 

Pop culture celebrated at Fan Expo Canada 2016 in Toronto 

Wednesday, September 7, 2016 

The far end of part of the convention floor, shortly after opening Friday.
Image: Nick Moreau. 

The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this
weekend, attracting thousands to the event, one of the most popular in North
America. Crossing between the genres of science fiction, horror, anime, fantasy
and comics, the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility. Hundreds
of vendors offered products new and old, joined by celebrity guests like Stan
Lee, Mark Hamill, and Margaret Atwood. Various local fan organizations were
there in a charitable capacity, and thousands of fans donned costumes, many of
which they themselves created. 

Atwood, a Booker Prize-winner, was there to launch her graphic novel Angel
Catbird, with illustrator Johnnie Christmas. Lee was making his final Canadian
convention appearance, part of a larger farewell tour. Hamill's schedule
included a panel with Kevin Conroy, the voice of Batman in Batman: The Animated
Series, in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker. 

Ubisoft, Microsoft, and PlayStation VR all had large areas set up for attendees
to try their latest games. In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of
Batman: Arkham VR, players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne's
manor, to the Bat Cave, to suit up. From there, the demonstration took players
to investigate the murder of Nightwing. 

The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend, facing off
teams of video gamers in a packed hall. Even in early rounds, the event was well
attended, with the stands full of gamers, watching the matches with live colour
commentary. The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals, from Brazil, face off
in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Both unbeaten teams going in, the
Brazillian team won the championship and $ 50,000. 

Gameplay was delayed during the "third map" (third round) of the finals, when
one Immortals player was caught with their headset off. After nearly half an
hour, the team was deducted a point, leading to a sudden but temporary rush of
success by the US team. 

Playstation VR demo Image: Nick Moreau. 

Displays of charity at event 

The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops,
with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. 

Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics, to
distribute to children and youth in the hospital. Along with collecting comics
on-site, the group was fundraising through raffles and button sales. 

Other charitable fan-based groups included The Ontario Ghostbusters, Doctor Who
Society of Canada, and Klingon Assault Group. 

Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose at the Comic Corps booth. Image:
Nick Moreau. 

A showdown at the 501st Legion booth. Image: Nick Moreau. 

Successful Stormtroopers share a high-five. Image: Nick Moreau. 

Cosplay celebration of craftsmanship and characters 

Epic Mickey by The Katherinator. Image: Nick Moreau. 

The thousands of cosplay outfits on parade around the various halls offered a
tremendous cross-section of genres and eras of pop culture. The majority of
outfits involved at least some elements made from scratch, a fantastic display
of craftsmanship. Of the thousands, Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the
name "The Katherinator". She was outside the building in the gardens, waiting
for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed
character-style outfit. With shoes as wide as a forearm, and a rigid torso of
carved foam, she remained exuberant even when caught in the traffic between
halls, many hours into wearing the outfit. 

Disney 

Belle Image: Nick Moreau. 

Superheroes 

Black Widow and Captain America Image: Nick Moreau. 

Anime 

Three of Digimon's "Digi-destined", including cosplayer Jessica Anderson. Image:
Nick Moreau. 

Video games, movies, and more 

Lady Cassandra from Doctor Who. Image: Nick Moreau. 

Peekaboo Cosplay as The Fawn Image: Nick Moreau. 

New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design Thursday,
May 7, 2015 On Tuesday, the New Zealand government announced the start of a
public process to suggest designs for a new national flag, and determine whether
their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one. 

The current flag of New Zealand. The current New Zealand flag is partially based
on the United Kingdom's flag; the new one would be unique to New Zealand. The
government's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and
roadshows as part of this process, with the first meeting set to take place in
Christchurch on May 16. According to the New Zealand Herald, Emeritus Professor
John Burrows, the chairman of the project's panel of twelve, said New Zealand's
flag has never before been open to public choice. Professor Burrows also said
resources and kits would be accessible for schools and communities," For
example, schools can run their own flag discussions and referendums to mirror
the formal process as part of their own learning exercise". People were
encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what
the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz. Names of participants would be
engraved, at their option, on a flag pole monument to be built in the nation's
capital, Wellington. New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key said he believes
redesigning the flag now has a "strong rationale". Mr Key promoted the campaign
for a unique New Zealand flag on Waitangi Day - February 6 - this year. Of the
public process, he said, "In the end I'll have one vote in each referendum just
like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll". The New Zealand
government intends to hold two referendums to reach a verdict on the flag, at an
estimated cost of NZ $ 26 million, although a recent poll found only a quarter
of citizens favoured changing the flag. This is a decrease from the year before,
when it was forty percent. The first referendum is to be held from November 20
to December 11, selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists.
Voters would then choose between the new flag and their current flag early in
2016. 

Hackers attack Church of Scientology website Sunday, January 20, 2008 

Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24
hours ago, the Church of Scientology's website is being attacked by hackers,
causing the site to shut down. 

The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled "Anonymous", on the
website "Insurgency Wiki", a spinoff of 4chan. The "History" section of the site
explains, in a satirical fashion, that the incident was prompted by the Church
of Scientology's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist
Tom Cruise from YouTube. Though YouTube is complying with the Church of
Scientology's requests to take down the video, other sites such as Gawker.com
have stated that they will keep hosting the video. 

"So far, it's the Internet: 1, Scientology: 0. But it's a long game." - Matthew
Ingram 

Writing in a blog post, Matthew Ingram of The Globe and Mail dubbed the ongoing
conflict involving the Church of Scientology's attempts to remove the Cruise
video from the Internet: "Scientology vs. the Internet, part XVII". He
characterized the conflict between the Church of Scientology and anonymous
posters of the Cruise video as "another small skirmish in a war that Scientology
has been waging for almost 15 years, since the early days of newsgroups such as
alt.religion.scientology, which posted internal church documents in 1994.
Lawsuits have been filed, mailing lists have been shut down, homes of discussion
group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out
war." 

"Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video, a new obsession is taking hold on the
internet. An insurgency against The Church of Scientology." Anonymous blogger,
"Anon declares war on Church of Scientology" 

One poster admitted to being a part of the effort, writing in a blog post "I
have myself, as per instructions, loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding
the Scientology homepage. There s [sic] something in the hilarious anarchy of
the net that produces these 'events' every now and again." The poster wrote that
"Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video, a new obsession is taking hold on the
internet. An insurgency against The Church of Scientology." 

"Someone emailed me earlier today talking about a tool a group’s been using to
attack the scientology website. It’s an interesting tool, created to
overload/create malformed strings and crash a website’s database," said the post
by an unknown author on pigmy. 

The Church's website is currently unreachable. Some individuals reported that
when they are able to reach the site, all they get is a message stating, "The
word scientology means search for truth ...". As of 15:11 GMT the site was
accessible again, but only loads at relatively slow speeds, and by the end of
the day Saturday the site was not loading at all. 

Posts on the message board for the Scientology-critic site Operation Clambake
from Friday theorized that a denial-of-service attack had occurred, and wrote
that as of Friday the Scientology.org site was either not loading at all, or
loading very slowly. Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup
alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of
Scientology website, with one poster writing "How can people look at both sides
if one side is gone?" 

Traffic to the Scientology website had already increased 18-fold prior to the
attack, following increased attention after the Tom Cruise video appeared on the
Internet. At that time, one in three visits to the site came from BBC News, and
the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK's Lifestyle-Religion
category. 

Microsoft waits for death of Internet Explorer 6 Tuesday, March 8, 2011 

With development of Microsoft's Internet Explorer 9 (IE9) browser almost
complete, Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move
away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser. Microsoft has replaced it with
three newer versions. On a new website, "The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown",
Microsoft has launched an aggressive campaign to persuade users to stop using
IE6 and update to a newer IE. Its goal is to decrease IE6 users to less than one
percent. 

"[Ten] years ago, a browser was born. Its name was Internet Explorer 6. Now that
we’re in 2011, in an era of modern web standards, it’s time to say goodbye,"
Microsoft says on "The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown". 

Internet Explorer's market share is slipping. IE's various versions accounted
for 70 percent of the market in 2009; this has dropped to approximately 56
percent today. Mozilla Firefox, its main rival, has been actively increasing its
market share while the recently released Google Chrome is also quickly gaining
users. PC World's recent analysis of its own web traffic statistics concluded,
"Usually, Internet Explorer is the #2 browser after Firefox, but over the past
30 days its been #3, a couple of points behind Safari - and nearly tied with
Chrome. It might be a statistical blip. But if it isn't, and Chrome continues to
surge, IE could fall to fourth place." 

Web developers face big problems with IE6. As they design their web pages for
the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web
core markup language HTML 5, they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date
technology to support IE6 users. Also, not mentioned on Microsoft's "The
Internet Explorer 6 Countdown" site, are the numerous security vulnerabilities
putting the browser at risk of being hacked. The Internet security firm
Secunia.com, has said that as of March 4, 2011, IE6 has 277 vulnerabilities; 39
percent of these are rated "highly critical". Microsoft says that the latest
versions of Internet Explorer provide the user with enhanced protection from
these attacks and threats. 

Microsoft's Internet Explorer 6 is one of the most successful software products
ever as measured by its durability and the massive numbers of people who have
used it. IE6 shipped with Windows XP, nearly a decade ago. But it has outlived
its usefulness, and Microsoft no longer wants to support it. 

Australian woman claims Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years 

Thursday, May 7, 2015 

Valeska Paris, an Australian woman and former Scientologist, has claimed that
the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology
- owned cruise ship, Freewinds. 

The Church of Scientology's cruise ship Freewinds in Bonaire. 

Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom
when she was six so they could be closer to the church's headquarters. She
joined the Sea Org aged 14. In 1995, at age seventeen, she was told to
disconnect from her mother. 

Paris claims she was first sent to the ship aged eighteen for two weeks as a
teenager but ended up spending twelve years there. Paris also claims that her
passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room.

I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that
I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive. Valeska Paris 

I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that
I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive. Her mother had
spoken out against Scientology on French television after her ex-husband and
Paris's father, Albert Jaquier, committed suicide after he lost his fortune to
Scientology. Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater,
Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds. 

On board the Freewinds, Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to
midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie. She also
claims that in 1997 and 1998, she was tasked with removal of asbestos from the
ship. 

In 2007, Paris left the ship after a confrontation with the ship's management.
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney, which the
Church describes as a religious retreat, but critics charge is a forced work
camp. Here, she met her future husband and subsequently left the church. 

In a statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, the Church denied
these allegations: 

She certainly wasn't 'forced' to be there. She was also never forced to perform
labour in the engine room. They also claimed Paris was a volunteer and claim she
has a vested interest for misrepresenting her experiences with the Church. The
Church also claims that Paris not having her passport was maritime procedure. 

North Korea puts military in 'quasi-state of war' Friday, August 21, 2015 

According to Yonhap news agency, quoting North Korea's main news agency Korean
Central News Agency (KCNA), the country's military has been placed on high alert
and has been told to prepare a "quasi-state of war". The report comes after
North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire yesterday. 

"War maniacs of the South Korean puppet military made another grave provocation
to the DPRK in the central western sector of the front on Thursday afternoon.
They perpetrated such reckless action as firing 36 shells at KPA civil police
posts under the absurd pretext that the KPA fired one shell at the south side.
Six shells of them hit the area near KPA civil police posts 542 and 543 and
other 15 shells fell near KPA civil police posts 250 and 251", said KCNA.
"Foolhardy provocation deserves harsh punishment", it added; and, later, "Kim
Jong-un issued an order of the supreme commander of the Korean People's Army
[KPA] that the front-line large combined units of the KPA should enter a wartime
state to be fully battle ready to launch surprise operations". 

Yesterday, North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South
Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North. "Commanders of
the Korean People's Army were hastily dispatched to the front-line troops to
command military operations to destroy psychological warfare tools if the enemy
does not stop the propaganda broadcast within 48 hours and prepare against the
enemy's possible counteractions", added KCNA. 

No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side, but South
Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one
shell landed near the area. The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of
artillery into the north. 

South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after
an 11-year lull. The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the
broadcasts will continue. After the exchange of fire, North Korea stated it
would attack any loudspeakers broadcasting propaganda and would respond,
militarily, within 48 hours if the broadcasts do not stop. 

Both countries have put their militaries on high levels of alert. 

Lantern Festival in Taipei lights up the night 

Monday, March 5, 2007 

Taipei, Taiwan — The Taipei City Lantern Festival was off to a bright start on
Saturday Night as hundreds of thousands of people crowded onto the Chiang Kai
Shek Memorial near downtown Taipei to witness city mayor Hau Lung-bin and other
dignitaries ceremoniously flip the switch to light hundreds of colorful lantern
scenes in and around the 240,000 square meter memorial park. 

The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high
rotating pig equipped with a fog machine, laser light show and theme music. 

The theme of this years lantern festival revolves around the 12 year Chinese
zodiac cycles year of the pig. Its round shape symbolizes wealth and good
fortune and is believed to bring good luck. 

Started in 1990, the Taipei lantern festival continues a 2000 year old tradition
of light related festivals marking the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations.
This particular event grows in popularity every year. Last Year over 4 million
visitors attended the event and this year the city expects about 6 million
visitors according to the event website. 

Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the
surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial. Each section has a theme. One
side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas
represent the counties of Taiwan. There is even a section of lanterns sponsored
by foreign countries. The Malaysia Tourism board was quite prominent at the main
entrance to the grounds. 

As with all new year celebrations in Taiwan, the lantern festival is crowded.
People flock to see the lantern scenes and enjoy the festival atmosphere as they
carry lanterns, given away by the city and bought from street vendors at the
event. The many light toys such a swords, devil ears, and lanterns turn the
milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the
steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds. 

Local public transportation hubs are often swamped by the event. The station
staff at Chiang Kai Shek Memorial Hall Station do an excellent job of crowd
control but lines for the subway can still be hours long and very exhausting. A
sudden rain storm on Sunday night (March 4) caused a mass exodus of people to
head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the street. The
commuting crowds can be avoided however by walking from NTU Hospital Station or
Shandao Station. Both of these stops are only about a 20 minute walk from the
event and have no crowds at all. 

If you really want to avoid the crowds, definitely avoid the weekends. Wait
until the fourth or fifth day of the festival when the crowds will have
dwindled. I visited the festival on Saturday night, the opening night, and there
was a sea of people in the square. I went back the next Tuesday night and there
was almost no one there, just a few stray photographers taking advantage of the
unimpeded views of the lanterns. The festival runs through March 11 this year. 

Hundreds dead in Hajj stampede Thursday, January 12, 2006 

The Plains of Arafat on the day of Hajj 

According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been
killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca, Saudi Arabia.

The stampede at Islam's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge, during an
event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as
part of the final rites of the Hajj. The stampede began when luggage from a bus
tripped pilgrims at the eastern end of the wall, causing a bottleneck. Those who
were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them. 

Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes, if
physically or financially possible, as it is one of the five pillars of the
Islamic faith. Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an
oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush, installed security
cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area. 

This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj,
with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj, in which 1,426 pilgrims were
trampled. 

Last week, at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the
Masjid Al-Haram (Grand Mosque) collasped, the cause of which is unknown. 

Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools Sunday, August 2,
2015 

In the past few days in Italy, several municipalities have started asking
religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services, despite the
resistance of the Catholic Church. 

Instituto Gonzaga, a catholic school in Milan. Image: Friedrichstrasse. 

The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian
Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8, recognising as legitimate the request of
the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools to pay property taxes. 

Requests have come from the Municipality of Bogliasco, next to Genova, and from
the deputies of Movimento 5 Stelle (M5S) of the regional counsel of Lombardy.
The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received
several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery
school and retirement home. In the second case, the M5S party asks to the
regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly
apply the sentence of the Supreme Court. 

The case on which the Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito
and Immacolata in Livorno, Tuscany, to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the
period from 2004 to 2009. The request was advanced by the Municipality of
Livorno in 2010. 

The city reasoned, "because the users of the private schools pay a frequency
fee, this kind of activity is considered as a commercial one" ((it)). 

In 2014 the Italian municipal tax discipline has changed from the ICI system to
the IMU system by the Monti government. A mean cost per student criterion is
used to tax only the schools that receive a fee higher than the mean cost per
student fixed by the State. The new law is not retroactive, so the taxes
requested in arrears from 2006 to 2009 are under the ICI system. 

Minister of Education Stefania Giannini said a "more general reflection" ((it))
is needed. Claudio De Vincenti, undersecretary to the prime minister, said "a
discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations, religious
association included" ((it)). 

Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says "many schools will increase
their fees or they will quit. Then the State will have to find new resources to
build new structures and manage them" ((it)). 

Also the president of the Lombardy region, Roberto Maroni, has reacted by
proposing some regional counter-measures to finance private schools. 

The secretary general of CEI (Italian Episcopal Conference), Nunzio Galantino,
has called the sentence "dangerous" ((it)) and "ideological" ((it)): 

"We face a dangerous sentence. Who takes the decisions, do it with less
ideology. Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of thinking,
they wait the praise of some ideologized supporters. Indeed, they don't
understand what kind of good service private schools held" ((it)). 

Italian secularist associations are concerned the Government will modify the law
in order to maintain an exception for religious schools. The secularist magazine
MicroMega describe the court's judgement as historic. 

The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics (UAAR) has launched a petition
which now has more than 11,000 signatures, asking the government to respect and
execute the sentence of the Supreme Court. It is also encouraging citizens to
ask for application of the law in their local municipalities. 

Warhol's photo legacy spread by university exhibits 

Tuesday, January 28, 2014 

Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper, famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider,
amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for
the Visual Arts. Image: Andy Warhol. 

Opening night, January 23, 2014, of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and
screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana. Video: Miharris &
Acphillips. 

Evansville, Indiana, United States - This past week marked the opening night of
an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana. USI's art gallery,
like 189 other educational galleries and museums around the country, is a
recipient of a major Warhol donor program, and this program is cultivating new
interest in Warhol's photographic legacy. Wikinews reporters attended the
opening and spoke to donors, exhibit organizers and patrons. 

The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol's
Polaroids, gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints. USI's
exhibit, which is located in Evansville, Indiana, is to run from January 23
through March 9. 

Full interview with Kristin Wilkins, curator of the exhibition at the University
of Southern Indiana. Audio: Jkthom. 

The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around
roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection. The Polaroids were all
donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program, according to Kristen
Wilkins, assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit. The Andy
Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts made two donations to USI Art Collections,
in 2007 and a second recently. 

Kathryn Waters, director of the gallery, expressed interest in further donations
from the foundation in the future. 

Since 2007 the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program has seeded university art
galleries throughout the United States with over 28,000 Andy Warhol photographs
and other artifacts. The program takes a decentralized approach to Warhol's
photography collection and encourages university art galleries to regularly
disseminate and educate audiences about Warhol's artistic vision, especially in
the area of photography. 

University exhibits 

Kristen Wilkins, curator of "Andy Warhol: Photographs and Prints from the
University Collection" at the University of Southern Indiana, January 23 - March
9 2014. Image: Snbehnke. 

Wikinews provides additional video, audio and photographs so our readers may
learn more. 

Wilkins observed that the 2007 starting date of the donation program, which is
part of the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, coincided with the 20th
anniversary of Andy Warhol's death in 1987. USI was not alone in receiving a
donation. 

K.C. Maurer, chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol
Foundation, said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently
190 universities have accepted one or more donations. Institutional recipients,
said Mauer, are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten
years as one stipulation. 

While USI is holding its exhibit, there are also Warhol Polaroid exhibits at the
Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery at Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs,
New York and an Edward Steichen and Andy Warhol exhibit at the Mary & Leigh
Block Museum of Art at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. All have
received Polaroids from the foundation. 

University exhibits can reach out and attract large audiences. For example, the
Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw
attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection
in 2010, according to curator Elaine Gustafon. That exhibit was part of a
collaboration combining the collections from Duke University, located in Durham,
North Carolina, and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, which also were
recipients of donated items from the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program. 

Superstars 

Each collection donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program holds
Polaroids of well-known celebrities. The successful UNC Greensboro exhibit
included Polaroids of author Truman Capote and singer-songwriter Carly Simon. 

"I think America's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was
when Warhol was living", said Gustafon. "People are still intrigued by how stars
live, dress and socialize, since it is so different from most people's every day
lives." 

Wilkins explained Warhol's obsession with celebrities began when he first
collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his life.
"He's hanging out with the celebrities, and has kind of become the same sort of
celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career", Wilkins said.

The exhibit at USI includes Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper; musician Nick
Rhodes of Duran Duran; publishers Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone Magazine and
Carlo De Benedetti of Italy's la Repubblica; disco club owner Steve Rubell of
Studio 54; photographers Nat Finkelstein, Christopher Makos and Felice Quinto;
and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis (tennis) and Jack Nicklaus (golf). 

Wikinews observed the USI exhibit identifies and features Polaroids of fashion
designer Halston, a former resident of Evansville. 

University collections across the United States also include Polaroids of
"unknowns" who have not yet had their fifteen minutes of fame. Cynthia Thompson,
curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville,
said, "These images serve as documentation of people in his every day life and
art - one which many of us enjoy a glimpse into." 

Warhol's photographic legacy 

Warhol was close to important touchstones of the 1960s, including art, music,
consumer culture, fashion, and celebrity worship, which were all buzzwords and
images Wikinews observed at USI's opening exhibit. 

He was also an influential figure in the pop art movement. "Pop art was about
what popular American culture really thought was important", Kathryn Waters
said. "That's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures, these
iconic products of American culture whether they be in film, video or actually
products we consumed. So even back in the sixties, he was very aware of this
part of our culture. Which as we all know in 2014, has only increased probably a
thousand fold." 

"I think everybody knows Andy Warhol's name, even non-art people, that's a name
they might know because he was such a personality", Water said. 

Hilary Braysmith, USI associate professor of art history, said, "I think his
photography is equally influential as his graphic works, his more famous
pictures of Marilyn. In terms of the evolution of photography and
experimentation, like painting on them or the celebrity fascination, I think he
was really ground-breaking in that regard." 

The Polaroid format is not what made Warhol famous, however, he is in the
company of other well-known photographers who used the camera, such as Ansel
Adams, Chuck Close, Walker Evans, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Helmut Newton. 

Wilkins said," [Warhol] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid's front
flash looked". She explained how Warhol's adoption of the Polaroid camera
revealed his process. According to Wilkins, Warhol was able to reproduce the
Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it, which he then could use to
commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating
them further. One of the silk screens exhibited at USI this time was the Annie
Oakley screen print called "Cowboys and Indians" from 1987. 

Wilkins also said Warhol was both an artist and a businessperson. "As a way to
commercialize his work, he would make a blue Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a
yellow Marilyn, and then you could pick your favorite color and buy that. It was
a very practical salesman approach to his work. He was very prolific but very
business minded about that." 

"He wanted to be rich and famous and he made lots of choices to go that way",
Wilkins said. 

USI exhibit 

Kiara Perkins, a second year USI art major, admitted she was willing to skip
class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances
allowed for her to attend the exhibit. Why did she so badly want to attend?
"It's Warhol. He is a legend." 

For Kevin Allton, a USI instructor in English, Warhol was also a legend. He
said, "Andy Warhol was the center of the Zeitgeist for the 20th century and
everything since. He is a post-modern diety." 

Allton said he had only seen the Silver Clouds installation before in film. The
Silver Clouds installation were silver balloons blown up with helium, and those
balloons filled one of the smaller rooms in the gallery. "I thought that in real
life it was really kind of magical," Allton said. "I smacked them around." 

Elements of the Zeitgeist were also playfully recreated on USI's opening night.
In her opening remarks for attendees, Waters pointed out those features to
attendees, noting the touches of the Warhol Factory, or the studio where he
worked, that were present around them. She pointed to the refreshment table with
Campbell's Soup served with "electric" Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful
gumball "pills". The music in the background was from such bands as The Velvet
Underground. 

The big hit of the evening, Wikinews observed from the long line, was the
Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses
and have their own Polaroid taken. The Polaroids were ready in an instant and
immediately displayed at the entry of the exhibit. Exhibit goers then became
part of the very exhibit they had wanted to attend. In fact, many people
Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used
their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a
photo. Perhaps they had learned an important lesson from the Warhol exhibit that
cultural events like these were ripe for use and reuse. We might even call these
exit instant snap shots, the self selfie. 

Scientists analyse effects of global warming, atmospheric ozone on crops 

Monday, July 28, 2014 

A research team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Colorado
State University of the US and the University of Sheffield of the UK has
analysed effects of global warming and ozone pollution over 2000 - 2050 on the
worldwide production of wheat, rice, maize and soybean. The study was published
in journal Nature Climate Change yesterday. 

The scientists found reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10% of 2000
levels, substantially decreasing food security, in all cases examined. Several
scenarios were considered because of uncertainty of future levels of ozone
pollution. They estimated by 2050, increasing population and changing diet would
increase world food needs by 50 percent. As coauthor Colette Heald told The
Huffington Post, "The climate projections are quite consistent [...] the future
of ozone pollution is very different [...] leading to either offsetting or
reinforcing effects [of climate change] on crops". By 2050, undernourishment
would increase by either 49 percent or by 27 percent, depending on the scenario.

The study focuses on ozone-temperature covariation: ground-level ozone increases
with temperatures. Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately
known to impact crop yields, "nobody has looked at these together". Depending on
region and crops, the yields may be primarily sensitive to ozone - in the case
of wheat - or heat - in the case of maize - alone, providing a local estimation
of relative benefits of climate change adaptation versus ozone regulation. 

The U.S. Department of Agriculture notes, "Ground-level ozone causes more damage
to plants than all other air pollutants combined", highlighting the importance
of air quality for agriculture. Results of NCLAN studies, published in a paper
by AS Heagle in 1989, show dicot species, such as soybean, cotton, and peanut,
lose more yield from ozone than do monocot species such as sorghum, field corn,
and winter wheat. The researchers found that ozone pollution caused 46 percent
of previously heat-attributed damage to soybean crops. 

The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration,
which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply. The
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says some crops may have higher yields with
increased levels of carbon dioxide. However, global warming also increases
probability of extreme crops-damaging weather events such as floods, droughts,
and extreme temperatures. Climate change affects distribution of weeds, pests,
and diseases. Heald noted the findings show pollution reduction is also
important. "An air-quality cleanup would improve crop yields [...] Ozone is
something that we understand the causes of, and the steps that need to be taken
to improve air quality." 

As Heald told The Huffington Post, US surface ozone has dropped partly due to
the Clean Air Act. "Despite an increase in vehicle miles driven and energy
consumption, surface ozone has declined by 25 percent on average across the U.S.
from 1980 to 2012 [...] However, the future of ozone air quality in the U.S. and
around the world will depend on local emissions, the use of pollution control
technology, regulations, and air quality policy." 

The study was supported by the Croucher Foundation, US National Science
Foundation, and US National Park Service. 

Greek court rules worship of ancient Greek deities is legal Monday, March 27,
2006 

Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now
formally associate and worship at archeological sites. Prior to the ruling, the
religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites by the
Greek Ministry of Culture. Due to that, the religion was relatively secretive.
The Greek Orthodox Church, a Christian denomination, is extremely critical of
worshippers of the ancient deities. Today, about 100,000 Greeks worship the
ancient gods, such as Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Aphrodite, and Athena. The Greek
Orthodox Church estimates that number is closer to 40,000. Many neo-pagan
religions, such as Wicca, use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their
practice; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient
religions, as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material
allows. 

It is my special pleasure to address the fifty-ninth session of the General
Assembly of the United Nations. This universal forum has enabled the peoples of
the world to coordinate and harmonize their efforts in preserving peace and
security, in achieving prosperity and upholding the values of human
civilization. I would like to congratulate you, Mr. President, on being elected
to preside over this august body and to express my confidence in your successful
leadership. 

I would also like, on behalf of Albania, to convey to the Secretary-General our
highest appreciation for his leading contribution to the fulfilment of the
historical mission of the United Nations and to the aspirations of our peoples
for a better world in which only peace, democracy and economic prosperity reign.
This session of the General Assembly takes place in a milestone year for Europe.
Only a few months ago, a historic event vitalized the dream of a more united and
stronger Europe. Ten European countries, sharing a common aspiration for
integration, were admitted into the European Union. 

The Albanian Government and society are engaged in an all-round European
integration process, and they are carrying out necessary reforms with the
necessary political will and drive. Albania is working to strengthen the
democratic institutions and capacities of its central and local government with
a view to bringing its legislation and conditions into line with European Union
standards, progressively achieving concrete and measurable results, as
previously defined. 

Determined to make our contribution to regional and global security, the
Albanian Government considers the country's integration into NATO to be one of
its major objectives. The NATO Istanbul Summit last June commended the progress
made by my country in this regard and encouraged the deepening of reforms. It
welcomed Albania's contribution to regional stability and cooperation and
committed to assess our further progress at the next NATO summit, which would
hopefully mark the start of negotiations for our full membership in the
alliance. We believe that the commitments set up in the framework of the
Adriatic Charter are also contributing to meet NATO standards, to the benefit of
regional stability and security. 

We remain truly convinced that the respect and protection of human rights and
freedoms are the main pillars of a pluralist democratic society. The Government
of the Republic of Albania will continue to constantly demonstrate its
commitment to a full implementation of the standards enshrined in the United
Nations and Council of Europe conventions, as well as the relevant documents of
regional organizations, such as the Organization for Security and Cooperation in
Europe, in which we are playing a very active role. We will continue to do so in
the future as well. By adopting contemporary legislation and by becoming a party
to other recently adopted international instruments on human rights, Albania has
associated itself with countries that are enforcing a number of national
strategies and programmes focusing on specific population groups, especially
women, children, persons in need and minorities, among others. In recent years,
the Albanian Government has started to periodically submit reports to the
committees of the six main United Nations human rights treaties and is taking
their recommendations into serious consideration. It is our belief that these
international mechanisms play a significant and important role as guardians of
the common human values we have together adopted. 

Albania, as one of the 191 signatory countries of the Millennium Declaration,
remains fully committed to implementation of the Millennium Development Goals,
which have been properly reflected in a national strategy for social and
economic development. The pattern of our sustained economic growth, which is at
6 to 7 per cent for the seventh consecutive year, is a good support base for the
whole society to maintain higher standards of respect for human rights and to
fight poverty and crime. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the
United Nations specialized agencies for their valuable assistance in support of
the implementation of these objectives nationwide and on a central and local
level. 

The Albanian Government is pleased to note that an ever-healthier climate of
confidence and relations of bilateral and multilateral cooperation are
prevailing in the South-Eastern European region. The countries of the region are
fully engaged in a process that will lead us clearly toward Euro-Atlantic
integration and at the same time continually remove us from the extremist
tendencies that caused a number of conflicts in the last decade. The regional
policy of my Government is guided by the motto: 'the more integrated in the
region, the more integrated in Europe.' In implementing this policy, Albania is
cooperating as never before with all the countries of the region by making
borders less relevant, opening up to one regional market the implementation of
free trade agreements and free movement corridors, and stimulating foreign
direct investment. We are especially cooperating with the common fight against
organized crime and all kinds of illegal trafficking. In the meantime, Albania
is reinforcing its border management and control, guided by the European Union
and NATO standards. 

My country will hold general parliamentary elections by the middle of next year.
We are committed to doing all that is required to ensure that the election
process is fully compatible with international standards for free and fair
elections. To that end, we are committed to continuing to work with relevant
specialized institutions on elections by fully implementing especially
OSCE/Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR)
recommendations. For us, the process and standards are more important than the
results of the elections. In the context of strengthening regional cooperation,
my country is committed to a more enhanced partnership with all regional
organizations and initiatives that serve the promotion of good neighbourly
relations; the strengthening of regional peace, security and stability; ensuring
political support for integration into Euro-Atlantic structures, and attracting
financing for national and regional projects in priority fields such as energy,
transportation and telecommunications. 

On its path towards European integration, the South-East European region is
still facing pending challenges, such as the future of Kosovo. Albania greatly
appreciates the recent democratic and integration developments in Kosovo, thanks
to the efforts of the respective peoples and the partnership of its
self-governing institutions with the United Nations Interim Administration
Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK). Allow me at this point to congratulate Mr. Soren
Jessen-Petersen, Special Representative for Kosovo of the United Nations
Secretary-General, in assuming this very important duty. 

Senator Hatfield, Mr. Chief Justice, Mr. President, Vice President Bush, Vice
President Mondale, Senator Baker, Speaker O'Neill, Reverend Moomaw, and my
fellow citizens: 

To a few of us here today this is a solemn and most momentous occasion, and yet
in the history of our nation it is a commonplace occurrence. The orderly
transfer of authority as called for in the Constitution routinely takes place,
as it has for almost two centuries, and few of us stop to think how unique we
really are. In the eyes of many in the world, this every 4-year ceremony we
accept as normal is nothing less than a miracle. 

Mr. President, I want our fellow citizens to know how much you did to carry on
this tradition. By your gracious cooperation in the transition process, you have
shown a watching world that we are a united people pledged to maintaining a
political system which guarantees individual liberty to a greater degree than
any other, and I thank you and your people for all your help in maintaining the
continuity which is the bulwark of our Republic. 

The business of our nation goes forward. These United States are confronted with
an economic affliction of great proportions. We suffer from the longest and one
of the worst sustained inflations in our national history. It distorts our
economic decisions, penalizes thrift, and crushes the struggling young and the
fixed-income elderly alike. It threatens to shatter the lives of millions of our
people. 

Idle industries have cast workers into unemployment, human misery, and personal
indignity. Those who do work are denied a fair return for their labor by a tax
system which penalizes successful achievement and keeps us from maintaining full
productivity. 

But great as our tax burden is, it has not kept pace with public spending. For
decades we have piled deficit upon deficit, mortgaging our future and our
children's future for the temporary convenience of the present. To continue this
long trend is to guarantee tremendous social, cultural, political, and economic
upheavals. 

You and I, as individuals, can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but for
only a limited period of time. Why, then, should we think that collectively, as
a nation, we're not bound by that same limitation? We must act today in order to
preserve tomorrow. And let there be no misunderstanding: We are going to begin
to act, beginning today. 

The economic ills we suffer have come upon us over several decades. They will
not go away in days, weeks, or months, but they will go away. They will go away
because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we've had in the past, to do
whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom.

In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem;
government is the problem. From time to time we've been tempted to believe that
society has become too complex to be managed by self-rule, that government by an
elite group is superior to government for, by, and of the people. Well, if no
one among us is capable of governing himself, then who among us has the capacity
to govern someone else? All of us together, in and out of government, must bear
the burden. The solutions we seek must be equitable, with no one group singled
out to pay a higher price. 

We hear much of special interest groups. Well, our concern must be for a special
interest group that has been too long neglected. It knows no sectional
boundaries or ethnic and racial divisions, and it crosses political party lines.
It is made up of men and women who raise our food, patrol our streets, man our
mines and factories, teach our children, keep our homes, and heal us when we're
sick — professionals, industrialists, shopkeepers, clerks, cabbies, and truck
drivers. They are, in short, "We the people," this breed called Americans. 

Well, this administration's objective will be a healthy, vigorous, growing
economy that provides equal opportunities for all Americans, with no barriers
born of bigotry or discrimination. Putting America back to work means putting
all Americans back to work. Ending inflation means freeing all Americans from
the terror of runaway living costs. All must share in the productive work of
this "new beginning," and all must share in the bounty of a revived economy.
With the idealism and fair play which are the core of our system and our
strength, we can have a strong and prosperous America, at peace with itself and
the world. 

I wish to make a ministerial statement about the first confirmed case of
COVID-19 in New Zealand. 

On Friday, 28 February, New Zealand recorded its first case of the COVID-19
coronavirus, becoming the 48th country to have a confirmed case. The individual
had entered the country two days earlier after spending some weeks in Iran,
which is currently experiencing a sizable outbreak of the disease. I can report
to the House that they are currently in a stable and improving condition at
Auckland Hospital. The good news in this instance is that the individual had
limited contact with people upon their return to the country, and their family
took all the appropriate measures when presenting at the emergency department. 

As you would expect, our public health service is working hard to contain this
first case and limit the risk of any spread of the disease. Contact tracing
began immediately and has gone to plan. All 15 people who were seated nearby the
individual on their flight into New Zealand have been traced and are being told
to self-isolate. Public health staff will remain in touch with individuals to
monitor the situation and give ongoing advice. All but 10 of the remaining
passengers on the flight, who are not considered to be close contacts, have also
been contacted to provide reassurance and answer any questions they might have;
those 10 that haven't been contacted did not provide accurate contact
information. I'm advised that as a result of our decisive response, the chance
of an outbreak from our first case is low. 

Internationally, the situation with COVID-19 continues to develop at pace.
However, the Director-General of the World Health Organization said, this
morning, containment … is feasible and must remain the top priority for all
countries. This is exactly the approach that New Zealand is taking, using three
main tools: border controls; self-isolation; and good public health practices,
including highlighting the importance of basic hygiene. 

At every step, the Government has taken decisions in the interests of health and
safety of the wider public, and so far we have been among the best at keeping
COVID-19 at bay. Just yesterday, Cabinet decided to extend for another week the
travel restrictions that have been in place for China since 3 February and for
Iran since last Friday. These restrictions have played a key role in keeping
COVID-19 out of New Zealand for so long and have given us time to better
understand the disease and ramp up our preparations. 

Of course, members will be aware that there are outbreaks in other regions as
well. So, as a further precaution, we have decided that anyone arriving in New
Zealand who has been in northern Italy or South Korea who has been there in the
last 14 days will be registered for self-isolation. This is based on an expert
assessment of risk. It recognises that while there are outbreaks in both
countries, they also have well-developed health systems and the outbreaks are
largely located in specific regions. 

We know self-isolation works. It is a longstanding and successful approach to
managing infectious diseases and has proven its worth again in recent weeks. We
have also stepped up the health presence at our airports. All airlines flying
into New Zealand have been requested to read a health message upon landing, and
all arrivals into New Zealand will receive health information cards alongside
the standard customs declaration form. 

As a result of decisions taken on Friday, health staff are meeting all direct
international flights landing in New Zealand airports from Hong Kong, Japan,
South Korea, Singapore, and Thailand. Our border response is further ramping up
to have health staff available for all international flights into New Zealand.
All these decisions and actions are designed to limit the spread of any sporadic
COVID-19 cases that might arrive in New Zealand. 

At the same time, our health system continues its preparations in line with our
comprehensive pandemic plan. I want to thank our DHBs, public health staff, and
primary care and health officials for the work they are doing to protect the
public. I have high confidence in our medical professionals. We have a strong
public health system. We continue to work to keep COVID-19 out, but we are ready
if it arrives in our community. 

Are there Moral Facts? 

So far, we have covered how evolutionary ethics relates to the question what we
ought to do and why we are moral in the first place. A related set of questions
about ethics are metaethical questions, which concern the meaning of moral
terms, our ways of gaining knowledge of moral facts, and the nature of the moral
facts. In other words, apart from thinking about how we ought to live, and where
our moral sense comes from, we can also ask what it means to affirm a particular
answer to that question, how we could come to know the answer, and whether the
answer would be a matter of fact or more like an opinion. 

Many books and articles in moral philosophy start with the observation that
moral judgments seem to be objectively true and the assumption that this is how
non-philosophers also think about morality. For example, Michael Smith writes: 

We seem to think moral questions have correct answers; that the correct answers
are made correct by objective moral facts; that moral facts are wholly
determined by circumstances; and that, by engaging in moral conversation and
argument, we can discover what these objective facts are. (Smith 1994, 6) 

But as we have seen above, evolutionary theory explains why we would think that
moral judgments are objective. The philosopher Michael Ruse takes this to show
that the apparent objectivity of morality is something like an “illusion”
foisted on us by our genes (Ruse [1986] 1998, 253). Of course, even if Ruse is
correct, this does not show that moral judgments are not objective, but it can
make us think whether the objectivity of morality really has to be explained, as
many philosophers assume. Ruse has also argued that an evolutionary account of
morality suggests that there are no moral facts in the first place. Anything we
want to explain about morality can be explained without mentioning moral facts,
or so Ruse argues. If moral facts are explanatorily redundant, indeed, moral
realists (those who believe there are mind-independent, objective facts about
morality, as discussed in Chapter 1) need to say why we should still suppose
that moral facts do exist. Interestingly, Ruse’s methodological naturalism leads
him to embrace a view that goes against the metaphysical naturalist position
that moral facts exist. 

Relatedly, Sharon Street, for example, argues that evolutionary explanations of
morality show that moral realism is probably false. The kind of moral realism
that Street has in mind is the view that moral properties exist as objective
features of the world (to wit, whether stealing is wrong is independent of
whether anyone thinks or feels that stealing is wrong). Street starts with the
premise that our moral judgments are influenced by evolutionary forces. This
fact, Street claims, gives rise to a dilemma for moral realists concerning the
relation of the evolutionary forces that influenced our moral judgments and the
moral facts claimed to exist by moral realists. If there is no relation between
the evolutionary forces and the moral facts, then it would be an astonishing
coincidence if many of our moral judgments were true. In light of the
coincidence, we have no reason to assume that our moral judgments are true—an
unpalatable conclusion for realists. Claiming that there is a relation, however,
is empirically dubious, according to Street. Mirroring Ruse’s claim, moral facts
could be purged from what we assume to exist because they do not perform an
important explanatory function. So, we should reject moral realism. Street’s
argument illustrates how evolutionary theory can be used to make a case about
which metaethical theories we should adopt. 

Both Ruse’s and Street’s arguments rely on the idea that we should only accept
that something exists if it plays an indispensable explanatory role and there
are means to resist these arguments. [12] Both arguments, as presented here,
rely on the correctness of the evolutionary explanation of morality they convey.
In the next section, we turn to the relevance of evolutionary ethics for moral
epistemology. 

E.g. Enoch (2010) 

Can We have Justified Moral Beliefs? 

The evolutionary argument by Sharon Street can also be interpreted as an
argument about moral justification and moral knowledge. Suppose that moral
realists assume that there is no relation between our moral judgments and the
moral facts. It would seem like an incredible coincidence if the realists were
right that our moral judgments are nonetheless true. There are just too many
possible moral truths and too many ways in which evolution could have “pushed”
our moral beliefs. Street claims that such a coincidence would be too much to
believe. But what is the problem, exactly, with having beliefs that are only
coincidentally true? Depending on how we understand “coincidence,” my belief
that there is a bird outside my window is coincidentally true because had I
looked a little later, the bird would have flown away already. Accidentally true
beliefs do not seem problematic in every case. The question for proponents of
Street’s argument is to show why the evolutionary influence on human moral
beliefs makes for a particularly problematic case of coincidence. 

The philosopher Richard Joyce argues that the problem has to do with the
sensitivity of our moral beliefs to the moral facts (Joyce 2006). Given that our
moral beliefs are influenced by evolutionary forces, and not by the moral facts,
our moral beliefs would be the same even if the moral facts would change. But
because we should not hold on to such insensitive beliefs, evolutionary
explanations of morality show that our moral beliefs are unjustified (because
they are not sensitive). 

It is not clear, however, whether and why evolutionary explanations of morality
reveal something about our moral beliefs that is particularly troubling from an
epistemological perspective. The impact of evolutionary ethics on
epistemological questions depends on these deeper questions about epistemology.
[13] Evolutionary explanations of morality, however, provide us with a useful
starting point for thinking about these questions. 

See Klenk (2019). 

CONCLUSION 

Evolutionary ethics has helped us to get a much clearer sense of where the human
moral sense is coming from. While this is a far cry from revealing to us what we
ought to do, the research program seems full of promise nonetheless. Once we get
into the details, we can see that it also raises deep theoretical questions
about evolutionary explanations, the relation of descriptive and normative
claims, the epistemology of justification and truth, and the general viability
of naturalism in ethics. Much left to wonder, then, but with some ideas about
where to get our answers. 

1 The Americas, Europe, and Africa Before 1492 

1.1 The Americas 

Learning Objectives 

By the end of this section, you will be able to: 

Locate on a map the major American civilizations before the arrival of the
Spanish 

Discuss the cultural achievements of these civilizations 

Discuss the differences and similarities between lifestyles, religious
practices, and customs among the native peoples 

Figure 1.2 (credit: modification of work by Architect of the Capitol) Some
scholars believe that between nine and fifteen thousand years ago, a land bridge
existed between Asia and North America that we now call Beringia. The first
inhabitants of what would be named the Americas migrated across this bridge in
search of food. When the glaciers melted, water engulfed Beringia, and the
Bering Strait was formed. Later settlers came by boat across the narrow strait.
(The fact that Asians and American Indians share genetic markers on a Y
chromosome lends credibility to this migration theory.) Continually moving
southward, the settlers eventually populated both North and South America,
creating unique cultures that ranged from the highly complex and urban Aztec
civilization in what is now Mexico City to the woodland tribes of eastern North
America. Recent research along the west coast of South America suggests that
migrant populations may have traveled down this coast by water as well as by
land. Researchers believe that about ten thousand years ago, humans also began
the domestication of plants and animals, adding agriculture as a means of
sustenance to hunting and gathering techniques. With this agricultural
revolution, and the more abundant and reliable food supplies it brought,
populations grew and people were able to develop a more settled way of life,
building permanent settlements. Nowhere in the Americas was this more obvious
than in Mesoamerica (Figure 1.3). 

Figure 1.3 This map shows the extent of the major civilizations of the Western
Hemisphere. In South America, early civilizations developed along the coast
because the high Andes and the inhospitable Amazon Basin made the interior of
the continent less favorable for settlement. 

THE FIRST AMERICANS: THE OLMEC 

Mesoamerica is the geographic area stretching from north of Panama up to the
desert of central Mexico. Although marked by great topographic, linguistic, and
cultural diversity, this region cradled a number of civilizations with similar
characteristics. Mesoamericans were polytheistic; their gods possessed both male
and female traits and demanded blood sacrifices of enemies taken in battle or
ritual bloodletting. Corn, or maize, domesticated by 5000 BCE, formed the basis
of their diet. They developed a mathematical system, built huge edifices, and
devised a calendar that accurately predicted eclipses and solstices and that
priest-astronomers used to direct the planting and harvesting of crops. Most
important for our knowledge of these peoples, they created the only known
written language in the Western Hemisphere; researchers have made much progress
in interpreting the inscriptions on their temples and pyramids. Though the area
had no overarching political structure, trade over long distances helped diffuse
culture. Weapons made of obsidian, jewelry crafted from jade, feathers woven
into clothing and ornaments, and cacao beans that were whipped into a chocolate
drink formed the basis of commerce. The mother of Mesoamerican cultures was the
Olmec civilization. 

Flourishing along the hot Gulf Coast of Mexico from about 1200 to about 400 BCE,
the Olmec produced a number of major works of art, architecture, pottery, and
sculpture. Most recognizable are their giant head sculptures (Figure 1.4) and
the pyramid in La Venta. The Olmec built aqueducts to transport water into their
cities and irrigate their fields. They grew maize, squash, beans, and tomatoes.
They also bred small domesticated dogs which, along with fish, provided their
protein. Although no one knows what happened to the Olmec after about 400 BCE,
in part because the jungle reclaimed many of their cities, their culture was the
base upon which the Maya and the Aztec built. It was the Olmec who worshipped a
rain god, a maize god, and the feathered serpent so important in the future
pantheons of the Aztecs (who called him Quetzalcoatl) and the Maya (to whom he
was Kukulkan). The Olmec also developed a system of trade throughout
Mesoamerica, giving rise to an elite class. 

Figure 1.4 The Olmec carved heads from giant boulders that ranged from four to
eleven feet in height and could weigh up to fifty tons. All these figures have
flat noses, slightly crossed eyes, and large lips. These physical features can
be seen today in some of the peoples indigenous to the area. 

THE MAYA 

After the decline of the Olmec, a city rose in the fertile central highlands of
Mesoamerica. One of the largest population centers in pre-Columbian America and
home to more than 100,000 people at its height in about 500 CE, Teotihuacan was
located about thirty miles northeast of modern Mexico City. The ethnicity of
this settlement’s inhabitants is debated; some scholars believe it was a
multiethnic city. Large-scale agriculture and the resultant abundance of food
allowed time for people to develop special trades and skills other than farming.
Builders constructed over twenty-two hundred apartment compounds for multiple
families, as well as more than a hundred temples. Among these were the Pyramid
of the Sun (which is two hundred feet high) and the Pyramid of the Moon (one
hundred and fifty feet high). Near the Temple of the Feathered Serpent, graves
have been uncovered that suggest humans were sacrificed for religious purposes.
The city was also the center for trade, which extended to settlements on
Mesoamerica’s Gulf Coast. 

The Maya were one Mesoamerican culture that had strong ties to Teotihuacan. The
Maya’s architectural and mathematical contributions were significant.
Flourishing from roughly 2000 BCE to 900 CE in what is now Mexico, Belize,
Honduras, and Guatemala, the Maya perfected the calendar and written language
the Olmec had begun. They devised a written mathematical system to record crop
yields and the size of the population, and to assist in trade. Surrounded by
farms relying on primitive agriculture, they built the city-states of Copan,
Tikal, and Chichen Itza along their major trade routes, as well as temples,
statues of gods, pyramids, and astronomical observatories (Figure 1.5). However,
because of poor soil and a drought that lasted nearly two centuries, their
civilization declined by about 900 CE and they abandoned their large population
centers. 

Figure 1.5 El Castillo, located at Chichen Itza in the eastern Yucatán
peninsula, served as a temple for the god Kukulkan. Each side contains
ninety-one steps to the top. When counting the top platform, the total number of
stairs is three hundred and sixty-five, the number of days in a year. (credit:
Ken Thomas) 

The Spanish found little organized resistance among the weakened Maya upon their
arrival in the 1520s. However, they did find Mayan history, in the form of
glyphs, or pictures representing words, recorded in folding books called codices
(the singular is codex). In 1562, Bishop Diego de Landa, who feared the
converted natives had reverted to their traditional religious practices,
collected and burned every codex he could find. Today only a few survive. 

Key Terms 

Beringia 

an ancient land bridge linking Asia and North America 

Review Questions 

1. Which of the following Indian peoples built homes in cliff dwellings that
still exist? 

A. Anasazi 

B. Cherokee 

C. Aztec 

D. Inca 

2. Which culture developed the first writing system in the Western Hemisphere? 

A. Inca 

B. Maya 

C. Olmec 

D. Pueblo 

Why the Division of Labor Increases Production 

When we divide and subdivide the tasks involved with producing a good or
service, workers and businesses can produce a greater quantity of output. In his
observations of pin factories, Smith noticed that one worker alone might make 20
pins in a day, but that a small business of 10 workers (some of whom would need
to complete two or three of the 18 tasks involved with pin-making), could make
48,000 pins in a day. How can a group of workers, each specializing in certain
tasks, produce so much more than the same number of workers who try to produce
the entire good or service by themselves? Smith offered three reasons. 

First, specialization in a particular small job allows workers to focus on the
parts of the production process where they have an advantage. (In later
chapters, we will develop this idea by discussing comparative advantage.) People
have different skills, talents, and interests, so they will be better at some
jobs than at others. The particular advantages may be based on educational
choices, which are in turn shaped by interests and talents. Only those with
medical degrees qualify to become doctors, for instance. For some goods,
geography affects specialization. For example, it is easier to be a wheat farmer
in North Dakota than in Florida, but easier to run a tourist hotel in Florida
than in North Dakota. If you live in or near a big city, it is easier to attract
enough customers to operate a successful dry cleaning business or movie theater
than if you live in a sparsely populated rural area. Whatever the reason, if
people specialize in the production of what they do best, they will be more
effective than if they produce a combination of things, some of which they are
good at and some of which they are not. 

Second, workers who specialize in certain tasks often learn to produce more
quickly and with higher quality. This pattern holds true for many workers,
including assembly line laborers who build cars, stylists who cut hair, and
doctors who perform heart surgery. In fact, specialized workers often know their
jobs well enough to suggest innovative ways to do their work faster and better.

A similar pattern often operates within businesses. In many cases, a business
that focuses on one or a few products (sometimes called its “core competency”)
is more successful than firms that try to make a wide range of products. 

Third, specialization allows businesses to take advantage of economies of scale,
which means that for many goods, as the level of production increases, the
average cost of producing each individual unit declines. For example, if a
factory produces only 100 cars per year, each car will be quite expensive to
make on average. However, if a factory produces 50,000 cars each year, then it
can set up an assembly line with huge machines and workers performing
specialized tasks, and the average cost of production per car will be lower. The
ultimate result of workers who can focus on their preferences and talents, learn
to do their specialized jobs better, and work in larger organizations is that
society as a whole can produce and consume far more than if each person tried to
produce all of his or her own goods and services. The division and
specialization of labor has been a force against the problem of scarcity. 

Boom! It's like lipstick central. It's actually pretty crazy in here. Eventually
I actually — maybe we can check for this at Target. I actually want to get one
of those acrylic things where the lipsticks can just stand up in it and it looks
super neat. Like that's definitely what I want. But I also need to clear a lot
of these out because I know a lot of these lipsticks are at least over like two
three years old and that's like not okay. Alright so let's have a quick look at
this. My fancy lipsticks — I can't part with them yet. I just I literally can't
so I'm gonna keep those. Let's see. Okay so this is a Pat McGrath lipstick. Oh
my gosh. It's like the most beautiful red lipstick. Look at this. Let me swatch
it for you real quick, real quick. Mm! Look at how beautiful this is. I feel
like I don't want to throw it away. But anyways, so on the bottom of this
lipstick you can see where it says eighteen months is the shelf life so. Let me
see if I can — Can you all see this? I will definitely insert a little clip here
that will show you what the shelf life symbol looks like on products. So you
will find this on all your cosmetics, your makeup. It is usually on there. So
when it says eighteen M that means that product, after eighteen months, is
expired. I feel like this is not too far past eighteen months, and I mean look
at the red. It's beautiful, so I can't part with it. This is a problem. Oh my
gosh. The doorbell rang. Excitement! 

Who's at the door Hershey? 

Ah! Alright. I'll be right back. I got to get the door. Alright. Let's get back
into the spring cleaning. 

You're gonna spring clean with me? 

What a sweet baby. 

Yes you are! 

Look at her. Guys I love her so much! 

Hershey it's your first vlog. 

You're doing great. 

Ah! Alright. Let's get into this. See what else we got here. Okay Too Faced
Melted Matte Liquid Lipstick. I also love this. I love this color. See what this
says. This says twelve months. One hundred percent this is definitely definitely
expired, but it's just with lipsticks it's kind of hard to tell. Like — like
usually with foundations when it's expired, you will see the oil separating and
all that, but this just looks — it looks fine. Makes it hard to throw away, but
I'm gonna create like a little expired pile down here on the floor. Alright what
is this? Oh this is Ofra! Oh my god I had this back in college is when I ordered
this, which is probably around twenty sixteen. This is four years old.
Everything has like rubbed off of it. This has one thousand percent got to go in
the throw away pile. Oh it looks kind of dry and crusty too. Yeah no. Not a good
look. Let's throw this out. Go ahead and comment below. How many of you people
actually knew that makeup expires? Cuz I actually did not know and actually
didn't realize what that symbol meant until I heard other people talking about
it and I was like wait what?. Next up we got Ashton Liquid Lipstick by Anastasia
Beverly Hills. Six months! You're supposed to finish a whole liquid lipstick in
six months. That is wild. I definitely had this for at least — at least four
years cuz I definitely had this in college as well. Yeah that's gonna have to go
in the expired pile. So Dose of Colors definitely does not have an expiration
date on their products. I don't know if this means that they just don't expire
or I don't know. I don't know what that means. Okay. Let's keep going. I'ma just
put all the Dose of Color in a separate pile cuz that's kind of weird. I might
need to research that a little bit. Oh! Okay. Let me show you guys. That is an
expired lipstick. Ew. Okay so the fancy lipsticks have a shelf life of twelve
months, so one full year. I know I've definitely had this over a year though. I
think. Have I had this over a year? My gosh it's hard to think back. But yeah
this just does not look good. That's gonna have to go in the expired pile.
Yikes! This black is also not looking good. I feel like I've only had the black
since last year Halloween though. Or was it the Halloween before? Guys this is
harder than I thought. I can't remember when I bought things. It's not looking
good though. It's all like super separated. I don't like how that looks.
Expired! Oh so this is interesting. Black Up actually has twenty four months of
shelf life for their lip pencils which is really really good. That's two years.
But is that actually good? Does that mean that this is chocked full of
preservatives? That's like not healthy for you? I don't know! But I've
definitely had this for more than two years. Expired. This blue lipstick is
definitely old. Definitely old. I don't know if you can actually tell by looking
at it but she's old. Let's see what the shelf life is. That's interesting. The
Urban Decay does not have a shelf life on the actual stick. So you know how
lipsticks usually come in packaging? It usually comes in that little box? I'm
thinking that maybe Dose of Colors and Urban Decay have the shelf life printed
on those boxes but who keeps their lipsticks in a box? Like how do I know now if
this is expired or not? I've definitely had this over two years though so I'm
just gonna go ahead and throw it in the expired pile. I feel like two years is
kind of the limit that I've seen so far. This has a shelf life of six months!
Expired. So this is the throw out slash expired pile. This is the I don't know
what to do with it pile, but I think these are all the Dose of Colors lipsticks
that I know I've had for at least over two years. 

What is up guys? Kharma Medic here and welcome back to another dose. So in
today's video, I'm finally gonna be doing a room tour. I know this is something
that you guys have requested for a very long time, and after two and a half
years of living here, I finally feel like I've made it my own and decorated it
how I want, and I'm ready to show it to you guys. Alright so let's start off
with the bed and the couch area. Honestly, if I was redoing this from the
beginning, I would have really liked to have a double bed in this room, but,
unfortunately, with the space as you can probably see from that wall there till
the door, it's basically just enough to fit a bed and a couch, and this is my
couch over here. I've recently changed it, and if you've been following my
channel for a long time, then you'll know I'm really proud of how I color match
the pictures on the wall over here with sort of the gray and yellow vibe, the
gray and yellow cushions. This couch is also quite big, it fits three people
quite comfortably, and if I have family or friends staying over, it opens up
into a full double bed. This coffee table over here, it's glass and has two
levels, so it's really good when we have multiple friends over, and we have lots
of food to put on the table, or if we're playing board games, we can have people
sit around it, and still have a lot of space to lay everything out. So there's
nothing too special about the bed itself, but it does have a very important
function, which, it has a lot of storage. So down here is basically where I keep
everything that I can't really keep in my room, because there's not enough
space. I've got an ironing board, all of my suitcases, socks, clothes that I
don't wear that often, anything that I need for fixing the house like
screwdrivers, drills, nails, all these things that I definitely wouldn't want to
have laid out in my room, but I still need somewhere in the house. I love that
this room has floor-to-ceiling windows as well, it really lets the light come
in, especially in the summer time. I know London doesn't have that much light,
but I'll take as much as I can, and there's also a small balcony out here, which
is fairly rare for London. We have two chairs where we can sit down and sort of
enjoy the weather when it is a little bit better, um but now it's really cold so
just gonna close it. And then a little behind the scenes that you probably will
never see again in a video is that down here I keep all of the filming gear that
doesn't really fit anywhere else in the room: two sets of tripods, I also have a
c-stand. Okay next to my bed, I've got the radio alarm clock, and this has
actually changed my life. It makes waking up in the morning and getting out of
bed at 6:00 a.m. when it's pitch black outside so much easier when you're waking
up really early. It's so much better to wake up to the sound of somebody talking
to you: your favorite radio station, some music, whatever, instead of that
classic iPhone alarm, "ba, ba, ba." Over here on the wall, these are posters
that I actually bought back in 2013 in my first year of university in Toronto,
and I really really liked them so I've kept them around. Also I'm really proud
that I managed to put them up all by myself, they look quite neat, and I feel
like they're equally spaced, so I'm really proud of how they turned out. 

Hi everyone! So I'm just about to tuck into a crisp sandwich. Salt vinegar
squares are my crisp of choice. And I've got some apple juice because this
signifies kind of my diet staples the last few weeks. So I thought this was an
opportune time to tell you all that a couple of weeks ago I found out that I am
pregnant. It's the first week that I've been actually able to say the words" I'm
pregnant" and have it not feel really weird. I found out on, I think it was the
3rd of January. Let's just double check that. No, excuse me, it was the fifth of
January. I found out on the fifth and that was because my period was late and I
am never late. As soon as I came off the pill my period came back pretty
regularly and I started tracking my periods just because I knew the pregnancy
was something that eventually we would want, and I know that it helps if you've
been tracking your period so you know your cycle. And for the first few days /
couple of weeks I felt really anxious, really scared, really worried, because my
initial reaction was, and still now, I'm a bit like, I'm not old enough for
this. I'm not grown up enough to do this. You feel like you're prepared, you're
in a, you know, in a relationship. We have been for years, we're adults, but I
don't know what it is. As soon as I found out I just went back to like a 14 year
old girl. I'm like "oh my god, what am I gonna tell my mom? I can't be a mom."
So really I was just very very overwhelmed and anxious so it took a few days for
me to really process what happened. It was quite a shock and it's such a huge
huge thing. It's life-changing, and so for the first couple of weeks that's all
I could focus on, was how life-changing it was and it was really scary. I then
started to talk to people about it, that made me feel better. And, I'm not
really sure what I'm trying to say. I don't want this to be too, like, all over
the place but I decided I do want to document this some way, whether I – At
first I was like, I don't need to copy it on YouTube but I definitely wanted to
document this in some kind of video form, just because it's such a huge thing.
You’re only pregnant for the first time once. But I did want to document my
first trimester to an extent, because when I first found out, I did start to
watch videos of people's first few weeks, but again, maybe because I wasn't in a
great headspace, that just frightened me, which again was because everyone was
just saying how awful they felt, how excited they were, and I didn't feel
excited. I felt worried. The thought of telling, like, my mom. I cried when I
told her because I felt so, just, like, oh my god. I mean you, you feel quite
bad when you feel like that, because it's such a happy thing and now, you know,
I – you know, I know I've kind of accepted. The shock has kind of sunk in. And I
am happy to tell people, but at first when you're trying to get your head around
it, it's very daunting and you just feel awful thinking. The thought of telling
someone makes me want to burst into tears. All these things going onto my head.
So that also then helped me to make the decision that I do want to document
this, but I'm probably going to do it, like, with hindsight, so I check in every
now and again and just let you know how I've been feeling. But in terms of if I
am sick or I'm not feeling great, I'm not gonna vlog whilst I feel like that. I
wouldn't want to vlog whilst I feel like that if I was just ill anyway. And I
just think it didn't help me seeing people at their worst at the very beginning,
because all you hear is doom and gloom. I decided to wait a few weeks before I
even started to talk about it, so I think I'm about seven weeks. I am waiting
for my first midwife appointment. I went – I booked the doctors, because the NHS
says you need to book a doctor's appointment, but that was a waste of time and I
felt quite bad about taking that appointment. Because in my area you'd have to
self-refer, so I haven't had any kind of appointment or checkups or anything but
I have been tracking – tracking – I've got an app called" what to expect", put
in my, you know, cycle situation and have an estimated due date, which is about
mid-September. In terms of symptoms, I mean I haven't felt the best, but I have
been able to get through it. I've definitely struggled on some days but I
haven't been sick. The biggest thing for me is I have lost – I dipped, and I
have lost my appetite. There's nothing I really feel like eating. I don't have
particular aversions to things, I don't feel really sick when I smell anything
at the moment. But there's things that I don't want to have, so like coffee, I
just know that I don't want that, and all I want is beige: I want chips, I want
white toast, it's pretty much all I eat all day. Pasta if I want something hot
maybe, I've had soup, but essentially starchy carbs and that's quite normal it
seems. Like, everyone craves that at this point because you're, you know,
building a baby, so you need that energy. So I don't feel particularly great
nutrition-wise, and I'm trying to eat fruit where I can and veg when I can, but
I'm just sort of going with it, because I know there's enough information out
there that this is generally how it goes. And then hopefully you start to feel a
bit better. I have felt nauseous and as everyone describes it, a bit jet-lagged,
a bit cloudy in my head, and the worst thing for me has been headaches. I
haven't had them this week, but last week I had a couple of really really bad
ones and I haven't had headaches that bad for years. 

The Chatham Islands 

The Chatnam Islands (Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language) are the
eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand. The islands are in their own time
zone, 45 minutes ahead of New Zealand time; the International Date Line jogs
eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New Zealand. 

The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch, in the middle of the "Roaring
Forties". Steeped in culture and history, these islands are on the very edge of
civilisation. Experience Moriori culture, experience Rekohu. 

Understand 

The Chatham Islands consist of the main island, Chatham Island itself, with a
population of 600, smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants, and a number
of rocky outcrops. The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and
sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species. 

The original people of the islands are the Moriori, who were descended from the
Maori of mainland New Zealand, but who developed their own culture and variant
of the language. In 1835 Maori settlers from the mainland arrived, massacred and
enslaved the Moriori. 

Get in 

By plane 

The only way for visitors to travel to the Chathams is via scheduled or
chartered air service. Air Chathams fly 5 days per week, from either
Christchurch, Auckland or Wellington and, seasonally, from Napier. The plane is
based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in the morning, then
back to the Chathams in the afternoon. As part of New Zealand, there are no
passport or visa requirements and no border controls on arrival from the
mainland. 

You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the
Chathams, as during the popular months of the tourism season, between October
and April, accommodation can be severely limited. There are no same-day return
flights, so once there you have to stay at least one night. 

Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap, it is worth it. Even the
mainland school groups that fly there for school camps, and choose to stay at
Kopinga Marae [1] get value for money by chartering a flight one way. Anyway,
you don't have a choice on how you get there, unless you happen to own an
aeroplane. 

However, when you get off that aeroplane, if you haven't pre-organised
transport, you will have to walk, and it is a long way into town. 

By boat 

The only scheduled shipping service to the Chatham Islands remains the Black
Robin Freighters "Rangatira", an antiquated, slow and small coastal trading
vessel. This boat has serviced the islands for many years, but does not carry
passengers. Freight charges on the Rangatira appear to be flexible and subject
to change. 

Vessels can call at the Chathams and there are a number of "safe" harbours for
shelter if the need arises. Remember to notify the local policeman, or Ministry
of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams. If you
want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as you near the
Chathams and he will sort you out. 

Get around 

There are several businesses on Chatham Island that will rent you a vehicle. Do
not expect the flashest and latest in rental cars though. The cars "will" be
warranted and safe, but they won't be exceptionally "flash". 

Chatham Motors have a range of nice rental vans available as well and they
provide pretty good service for both visitors and locals. 

See 

Basalt columns 

Some of the world's most rare and endangered birds, plants and insects. 

Unique tree carvings done by the peaceful Moriori people hundreds of years ago.

Henga Scenic Reserve. Set adjacent to Henga Lodge is the magnificent Henga
Scenic Reserve. Guests of the lodge can meander around either a short easy walk,
or take the longer 2 hr return walk out onto the spectacular beach. Access is
free to Lodge guests. 

Hapupu National Historic Scenic Reserve. One of only two National Historic
Scenic Reserves in New Zealand (the other is the Waitangi Treaty Grounds),
Hapupu is a special place, and somewhere that you will want to tell others
about. Spiritually and culturally important to Moriori, it holds the last known
concentration of momori-rakau, or tree carvings done by the ancestors of today's
Moriori. There are many views on why they did these carvings, but whatever the
reason, you will find them a very special attraction. 

Port Hutt. One of the most scenicly attractive ports in the whole of New
Zealand, Port Hutt boasts an incredibly sheltered little harbour, with
picturesque views and safe anchorage in all weather. Historically important and
economically crucial for these islands today, Port Hutt is the ideal location
for a short browse around and a mecca for those photography buffs [2]. 

Kopinga Marae. If you could define a place that will remind you of your visit to
the Chathams, then this very special place will be at the top of your list.
Opened in 2005, Kopinga is the official meeting place of Te Imi Moriori. Adorned
with contemporary Moriori carvings and traditional taonga (treasures), the marae
is a magnificent, tasteful and contemporary testament to the ancestors of Te Imi
Moriori. Enjoy a guided tour of this beautiful and peaceful building.
School-Camps At Kopinga Marae [3] also utilise this wonderful national treasure
for hosting visiting school groups. 

Tommy Solomon Statue. Tame Horomona Rehe was the last known full-blooded Moriori
and he passed away in 1933. He was however, not the last Moriori. His own
descendants and the descendants of other Moriori live on today. Come and have a
look at this statue, erected in 1985 to commemorate his passing. Come and see
Manakau, the property of his descendants, located on the eastern corner of
Rekohu and blessed with the sun's first rays as they rise above the sea each
day. 

Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie, one of the
Great Lakes, in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, USA. Recreational, cultural and
educational opportunities are abundant throughout Northeast Ohio. Youll find
world-class museums and cultural events, professional sports and amusement
parks, and the most golf courses per capita in the United States. Places Rated
Almanac ranks the area second in recreational options out of 354 US metro areas.
Plus, this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural
resources per one million residents. 

Understand 

Cleveland from lakefront. 

Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio, the 15th largest combined
metropolitan area in the United States. Throughout the twentieth century, the
City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S.
(from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics). Like most U.S. cities,
Cleveland proper began to lose population to suburban areas in the 1960s and
1970s. However, in the mid-1980s, Cleveland earned the nickname the "Comeback
City" as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that
continues today. As its "comeback" has continued, the official moniker is now
the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a
model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning. 

Despite the common perception that Cleveland is an industrial town, just beyond
the automotive and steel plants, a clean and beautiful downtown rises at the
mouth of the Cuyahoga River on the southern shore of Lake Erie (often marvelled
over by visitors who are surprised you can't see the other side, i.e., Canada).
Like other cities in the so-called "rust belt“, Cleveland has endured growing
pains as it makes its transition from a manufacturing-based economy. While
Cleveland continues to play a leading role in building the U.S. industrial base,
it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care, law,
finance, insurance, real estate development, and professional services. 

Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum 

Another thing non-locals don't often realize is that Cleveland's long history of
industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the
beginnings of a "sustainable city" movement. Serving as a global model for urban
rebirth, Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor
hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine. For decades, the city has boasted of: a
"Big Five" orchestra (The Cleveland Orchestra), the second largest performing
arts center in the U.S. (Playhouse Square Center), a world-renowned art museum
(The Cleveland Museum of Art), the nation's first health museum (HealthSpace
Cleveland), R&D hub of the aerospace and aviation industry (the NASA Glenn
Research & Visitors Center) and a number of other first-rate attractions (too
many to mention here - read on). 

During its "comeback" years, Cleveland has added: the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
and Museum, the Great Lakes Science Center with Omnimax theatre, and four new
sports facilities in the downtown area - Progressive Field (Still known as "The
Jake" after a recent corporate name change) for the Major League Baseball
Indians, QuickenLoans Arena ("The Q") for the NBA Cavaliers, Cleveland Browns
Stadium for the NFL Browns and the Wolstein Center for the Cleveland State
University Vikings basketball team. 

Get in 

For information specific to U.S. citizens see Americans in Cuba 

Visa and legal issues 

A tourist visa card (visa de tarjeta del turista) is necessary for travelers
from most nations. This visa, which is really little more than a piece of paper
on which you list your vital statistics, costs between 15 - 25 CUC (or € 15 -
25), depending on where purchased. It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on
arrival, however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid
tourist visa card before boarding flights. It is usually valid for 30 days and
can be extended once for another 30 days at any immigration office in Cuba (for
25 CUC) - beyond this you would need a flight out of Cuba within the extended
visa period. Canadians are the exception, getting 90 days on arrival and can
apply for a 90 day extension. Your passport needs to be valid at least six
months past the end of your planned return. Canadian passports must be valid for
at least one month beyond the date of expected departure ([2]). 

From Canada, the tourist card is normally provided on the flight. It can also be
purchased from most Latin American gateway airports if departing from there
(Cancun: 250 MXN, Mexico City: USD 25). Please note that if departing from
Europe (this may apply to other countries), you will require to have the visa
before boarding the plane. Some times, the airline provides these at the
airport, however check first that this is the case. Without a valid visa,
boarding will be denied (the airline would otherwise get a $ 1,000 fine from the
Cuban immigration authorities). 

Country-specific advise 

UK: Applying for the visa is a very simple process and can be done by post or in
person at the Cuban embassy in London. When applying to the Cuban Consulate by
post, there is a new charge introduced in 2011 which is a £ 25 for a
non-personal transaction. If you cannot go to the Cuban Consulate you may
consider using VisaCuba ([3]) because it may be cheaper. Through them it may
cost £ 20 in total per person. If you apply in person to the Cuban Consulate,
you get the visa straight away. It can also be done through online agencies as
mentioned before although they may be slightly more expensive (normally £ 15 + £
15 admin fee and additional postage). 

Germany: You can obtain the tourist card through the Cuban embassy in post.
Travel agencies may often offer cheaper and quicker services though. 

Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country
(to any destination) and return immediately enjoying a further 60 days (30 days
plus a 30 day extension). You are only allowed two consecutive stays in this
manner. 

If you want to stay with friends or family in Cuba you have to go with your
intended host within two days after arrival to a migration office and pay 40 CUC
for a 30 days family visa. 

Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda (28 days), Barbados (28 days), Benin, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, CIS (except Ukraine and Uzbekistan), Dominica, Grenada (60 days),
Liechtenstein (90 days), Macedonia, Malaysia (90 days), Mongolia, Montenegro (90
days), Namibia, Singapore, Slovakia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint
Vincent and the Grenadines, Serbia (90 days), Turkmenistan who can stay 30 days
without visa. (The source of the previous sentence is unknown. Aeromexico staff
at Cancun airport claim that only citizens of China and Russia need no visa. 

It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25, to be paid
in cash when departing Cuba by airplane; this is not required for boat
departures. This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it.
You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay
this tax when leaving the country. An ATM and currency exchange are available at
Havana airport, but these facilities are not as reliable in Cuba as in other
places. 

Cuban customs can be strict, though they sometimes go easy on tourists. 

Fort Lee 

Fort Lee is a city in Bergen County. 

View of the George Washington Bridge's long span and Manhattan, as seen while
looking east from Fort Lee Historic Park 

Understand 

Fort Lee is located between the Paramus, NJ retail corridor and Upper Manhattan.
This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee
natives, transplants from New York, and immigrants, especially from Korea. This
cultural diversity is represented through the vast variety of international
restaurants and small business, and in particular, there is a strong Korean
presence that can be seen in retail and dining storefronts. 

Fort Lee is a small town but is piled high with apartment buildings. Because
Fort Lee is situated above the banks of the Hudson River, there are breathtaking
views from almost any window facing the river. The New York City skyline and 4th
of July fireworks are spectacular over the river. Although it is highly built
up, Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as
bike and running trails. And although there is a great deal of vehicle traffic
to and from the George Washington Bridge, which connects Fort Lee with
Manhattan, one of the largest perks of this town is the walking access to many
restaurants, convenience stores and mass transit, in the form of buses and vans
that frequently run across the bridge and up and down major streets. 

Get in 

One of the more interesting of the many highrise residential buildings in Fort
Lee 

Fort Lee is bordered by Edgewater, Englewood Cliffs, Cliffside Park and Leonia.

By car 

If coming from New York City, take the George Washington Bridge; Fort Lee is the
first town on the New Jersey side of the bridge. 

By bus or jitney 

Ask any bus or jitney driver leaving from the Port Authority George Washington
Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off in Fort Lee. 

By ferry 

Fort Lee can also be accessed by boat or ferry from New York City via Edgewater
and Weehawken docks. 

By plane 

The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport, LaGuardia Airport,
Teterboro (general aviation only), JFK and Westchester County Airport. 

Get around 

Old and new meet in Fort Lee, as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is
dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it 

Most people choose cars, but if headed to a central area, such as Main Street,
it is best to drive there, park in a municipal parking lot, and walk around from
there. Since so much of the town’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block
radius, it would be beneficial to walk around, but might also be dangerous given
the high traffic intersections. If walking use caution, and if parking, make
sure to feed the meter with plenty of pocket change; the meter maids take their
job very seriously. Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for
those commuting to and from the city, there is often high traffic and congestion
on the roads. If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time, one
might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before
hitting any major roadways. 

For local transportation or air-port / train station services, there are several
local taxi companies that are reliable. 

A-1 2470 Lemoine Avenue, tel: 1 201 944-3737. 

Babe's 185 Bridge Plaza North, tel: 1 201 944-6800. 

G W Taxi 1696 Bergen Blvd, tel: 1 201 363-0555. 

See 

Fort Lee Historic Park, a reconstruction of a Revolutionary War encampment, with
beautiful views and pleasant greenery 

Fort Lee is known and named for the story of how General George Washington was
forced to evacuate the area in November of 1776 and begin his famous retreat
through New Jersey during the winter of 1776-77 in the protection of "Fort Lee".
The Visitors' Center provides information on the role of Fort Lee in the War.
Audio-visual displays, detailed exhibits, gives visitors a sense of what this
town was like centuries ago. 

Fort Lee Historic Park, Hudson Terrace, tel: 1 201 461-1776. Revolutionary
re-enactments, and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge, the Little Red Light
House, Hudson River and majestic city skyline. 

The George Washington Bridge can be crossed by bicycle or on foot as well as in
a motorized vehicle. 

Do 

Fort Lee's Public School 4, a daily activity for the elementary school set 

Other than eating, or shopping, or shopping for food, there is not much else to
do unless you work in Fort Lee. Fort Lee also has a great community center open
to all borough residents. The community center has dance, yoga, and other
exercise classes, offers open gym hours for basketball or other recreation.
During the summer their outdoor theatre is used for performances and "movies in
the park" every Friday night. 

Jack Alter Fort Lee Community Center, 1355 Inwood Terrace, tel: 1 201-592-4699,
contact for membership information, and upcoming events. 

Buy 

There is an abundance of supermarkets, one the most famous and unique being
Caffasso’s Fairway Market. There are also many nail salons, frozen yogurt shops,
coffee shops and gas stations. 

Cafasso's Fairway Market 1214 Anderson Ave, 1 201-224-7900. Store hours: Mon-Fri
08:30 am - 7 pm, Sat 08:30 am - 06:30 pm, Sun 9 am - 03:00 pm Main Street is the
primary retail section of Fort Lee, and features stores such as Borders and
liquor stores, and you can find a deli or drug store on every corner. There are
tons of specialty boutiques and gourmet caterers, as well as clothing and
sporting good retailers. Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants, a haven for
flower lovers, with a very large selection of products for gardeners. 

Eat 

Within Fort Lee, the main attraction would be its collection of restaurants.
Fort Lee offers international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias, delis
and 24-hour diners, in addition to its Korean restaurants. They have a warm
local atmosphere and taste great. 

Guadeloupe 

Guadeloupe, known as Gwadloup in the local creole, and sometimes known as the
Butterfly Island (French: I'ile Papillon) on account of the shape of two of its
major islands, is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean, and is a French
overseas department. It is located southeast of Puerto Rico. 

Islands 

Basse Terre: green and lush vegetation, mountainous with a sulphuric volcano. 

Grande Terre: flat and dry with a lot of beaches, some of them very touristic. 

Marie Galante: the biggest island out of mainland Guadeloupe. 

Les Saintes: composed of Terre de Haut and Terre de Bas, one of the most
beautiful bays. 

La Désirade: dry and cliffy. 

Petite Terre: uninhabited and untamed. 

Cities 

Grande Terre 

Map of Guadeloupe 

Pointe-à-Pitre: with its suburbs, it is the economic capital of Guadeloupe 

Gosier: maybe one of the most interesting places of Guadeloupe to enjoy
nightlife. (You can enter most nightclubs with proper clothes, that is, no
sneakers, no shorts) 

St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe, you will reach La
Pointe des Chateaux, a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the
shape of a castle. From there, you can look up at the islands La Désirade,
Petite Terre, Marie Galante, Les Saintes, La Dominique but also have a perfect
view of the islands Grande Terre and far away Basse Terre. 

St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach (maybe the tourists
primary area of Guadeloupe). L'Americano, bd Georges Mandel, 0590883899: bar /
restaurant offers free salsa courses on Saturdays and live performances some
days. You will find all kind of bars. You can try Club Med, 0590854950 fax:
0590854959 (for instance, others resort may propose this formula too) for a one
day all inclusive (breakfast, buffet, bars, drinks, beach volley, windsurf,
boat, gym, dance courses ...) for about € 46, so it may be a good deal (as it
costs € 7 one hour of windsurf). 

Morne à l'eau, renowned for its amazing cemetery composed of burial places made
of black and white tiles. 

Anse Bertrand, not far from there, you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie,
northern point of mainland Guadeloupe. You can also go to Porte d'Enfer, a
beautiful still stripe of sea between a scenery of reefs. From there, walk one
hour along the cliff, and you will discover a Souffleur, kind of geyser due to
the pressure of the sea. 

Abymes nothing special to see, but the weekend, there are 3 local nightclubs:
L'instant, Caraibes and Latin Club. They are located at the same place. 

Baie-Mahault: the industrial and commercial zone of Guadeloupe, nothing special
to do or see. Here stands the biggest shopping mall of the island. Not too far
from there, you can find a local bar / nightclub named Bik Kreyol, Beau Soleil,
0590258046 or 0590920648 (Entrance € 5, Drinks € 3). Local music (ragga, zouk,
rnb) and local customers. The building is typical, it's a former warehouse. 

Other destinations 

Don't miss the spectacular waterfalls in the jungle of Basse-Terre (Carbet
Falls). Some are within 5 – 10 minutes walking distance from the nearest parking
lot, some require at least 3 – 4 hours of hiking (those are, of course less
frequented by other tourists and you might find yourself alone at a spectacular
waterfall in the middle of nowhere - an amazing experience!). 

The local rum distilleries offer tours (check for opening times as they may very
from season to season) which are certainly worth the while since rum production
is a very integral part of Guadeloupe's economy. And sampling the local rums is
definitely worth the while. 

Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island, a ride on
the bus is still an experience you should not miss. Cheap, full of locals,
conducted by fearless drivers, you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to
the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music. Some routes are not good for passengers
with weak stomachs. 

Isfahan 

Isfahan (Persian: اصفهان, also known as Esfahan) is a city in central Iran,
south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province. The Persians call it
"Nesf-e-Jahan", meaning "Half The World". Due to its beautiful hand-painted
tiling and magnificent public square, it is considered to be one of the most
beautiful cities in the world. An ancient town and capital of Persia from 1598
to 1722, it was long noted for its fine carpets and silver filigree. Today,
textile and steel mills take their place. Its architecture, tree-lined
boulevards and relaxed pace make it one of the highlights of Iran. 

Understand 

The city is 430km south of Tehran at the foothills of the Zagros mountain range.
The city enjoys a temperate climate and regular seasons. Isfahan is located on
the main north-south and east-west routes crossing Iran. 

The city has an Armenian Quarter called Jolfa (originally called New Julfa)
established by Shah Abbas I in the 1600s after he destroyed the prosperous
Armenian town of Julfa in Armenia and forced all of the Armenians to move to
Persia, mostly to Isfahan. They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous
community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from
Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam. Today the quarter still has many
Armenian Churches, an Armenian school, shops and Armenian residents. 

Get in 

By plane 

Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti (IATA: IFN) was a
military air base before the revolution. There are daily flights to Tehran and
Mashhad in Iran. There are also flights to Damascus, Dubai, Kuwait and Istanbul.
From the Airport you can take cab for c. IRR200,000 to the city centre. Since
most people are going there anyway, you can always ask people to share taxi. 

See 

Squares and streets 

Naqsh-e Jahan Square 

1 Naqsh-e Jahan Square. Also known as shah square or imam square - 1602 (Meidan
Emam). The square contains two mosques, a palace, and the bazaar. The square is
the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in
Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The square is surrounded by
buildings from the Safavid era. This a very popular place for locals to picnic
on Friday and holiday evenings. 

2 Chaharbagh Boulevard. 1596, dating from the Saffavid era, the avenue is the
most historically famous in all of Persia. 

Meydan Kohne. 

Shahshahan Square. 

Mosques 

Shah Mosque 

Sheikh Lotfollah Mosque, interior of the dome 

The stunning mosques of Isfahan are among the most beautiful and interesting in
the world. 

3 Imam Mosque (called Shah Mosque before the revolution), Naqsh-e Jahan Square,
south side. Built during the Safavid period, it is an excellent example of
Islamic architecture of Iran, and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian
Architecture. It is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Its splendour is
mainly due to the beauty of its seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic
inscriptions. 

4 Sheikh Lotf Allah Mosque, Naqsh-e Jahan Square, east side. One of the
architectural masterpieces of Safavid Iranian architecture, this mosque is
considered to be the most beautiful in Iran. Built in 1602 by Shah Abbas I.= and
designed by his chief architect, Sheikh Bahai. The mosque was designed to be a
private mosque for the royal family and therefore it does not have any minarets.
There is a tunnel from the mosque to the Royal Palace, across the square. 

5 Masjed-e Jāmé of Isfahan, north of Naqsh-e Jahan Square in the old quarter.
Started in AD842, this is the first Islamic building to adopt the four-courtyard
layout of Sassanid palaces. 

6 Hakim Mosque, Hakim (north of Naqsh-e Jahan in the old quarter). One of the
oldest mosques in Isfahan. Built by Shah Abbas II between 1656 and 1662. Located
on the site of a 10th century mosque. The portal was covered in mud until it was
discovered in 1956. 

Palaces 

Ali Qapu Palace 

Chehel Sotoun 

7 Ālī Qāpū (The Royal Palace). Early 17th Century. It is forty-eight meters high
and there are seven floors, each accessible by a difficult spiral staircase. In
the sixth floor music room, deep circular niches are found in the walls, having
not only aesthetic value, but also acoustic. It is rich in naturalistic wall
paintings by Reza Abbassi, the court painter of Shah Abbas I, and his pupils.
There are floral, animal and bird motifs. 

8 Hasht Behesht (The Palace of Eight Paradises). 1669, reportedly built for
residence purposes of the king's harem. Set within lush gardens which are free
to roam if you don't want to go inside the building. 

9 Chehel Sotoun (The Palace of Forty Columns). 1647: It is called Palace of
forty columns, as there are many columns, and in Iranian, 40 means many.
Incidentally, there are twenty columns, and these are reflected in the pool in
front, which might also account for its name. The function of this palace was
for holding religious-national ceremonies and royal festivals and for receiving
royal ambassadors and guests. It's Persian Gardens is one of nine inscribed on
the UNESCO World Heritage List. Contains some spectacular battle murals. 

Łódź 

Łódź (Pronounced: Wootch) is Poland's third biggest city, and the capital of the
Łódzkie Voivodship. Unlike most other large Polish cities, which have long
histories, Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century textile
industry boom to house textile mills, their owners and their workers, and
rapidly grew to become an important industrial and commerce centre. In recent
years, Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting
from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for
design and creative industries. 

Owing to its history, Łódź has an impressive collection of residential,
commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe's
largest factory buildings, now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts.
Recent local investment and a long-standing cultural scene ensures there is
always something more to do than just sightseeing or shopping, with the city
hosting some of the best museums and art galleries in the country. The close
proximity of Warsaw and Łódź's location at the crossroads of the Polish motorway
system make it an ideal destination for a day trip or longer city break. 

Understand 

Historic fire station in Księży Młyn area 

Name and history 

The origin of the city's name is unknown, however, the word łódź translates to
"boat" in English. This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the
dwellers of Łódź (łodzianin (man) łodzianka (woman) łodzianie (plural)) calling
themselves "the boat people". 

A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century
and in 1423 it was granted a town charter, along with the right to have a
marketplace. However, the real development of Łódź started with the industrial
era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the
heart of the rapidly-growing textile industry. The population of Łódź soared
from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000
inhabitants at the turn of the century, which was an unprecedented growth on a
worldwide scale. 

The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought
about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes. New inhabitants, craftsmen
and merchants came to Łódź; markets and town fairs came to life. The profits
obtained from prosperous textile mills opened up practically unlimited
possibilities for their owners. The city residences became expressions of the
riches and power of the local tycoons. They were usually situated next to the
owner's factory. 

Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce, Łódź
had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish, Jewish,
German and Russian. The day before the outbreak of World War II, Łódź was
inhabited by approximately 672,000 people, among whom 35% were of Jewish faith
and some 15% were ethnic German. Andrzej Wajda's movie, Promised Land based on a
novel by the Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont, depicts those times and is a
worthwhile introduction to the city's bustling history. 

During the Nazi occupation, Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich.
The city was renamed to Litzmannstadt, and Piotrkowska Street was called
Adolf-Hitler-Strasse. The Jewish community was practically wiped out, and many
others lost their lives. Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath,
the material losses were serious as the machinery, raw materials and finished
goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis. The day before the liberation, about
80,000 Germans left Łódź in panic. At the beginning of 1945, the population was
estimated at 300,000. 

Plac Wolności 

Łódź today 

Since the fall of communism in Poland, Łódź has not enjoyed the rapid economic
growth cities like Kraków, Warsaw and Wrocław have experienced, and has had to
endure the fall of much of its textile industry, rising unemployment and
emigration (within Poland and abroad). This led to further dilapidation of the
investment-starved city, and many of its streets and buildings show profound
signs of neglect. At first glance, for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of
1.428,000, there does not seem to be much to see. However, the situation is
rapidly changing now with Łódź campaigning and redesigning itself as an
up-and-coming destination. To accomplish this, Łódź has been capitalizing on its
film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the "HollyŁódź" of Poland and
hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events. 

Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday; however, there is a
certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and leitmotivs, not to
mention its grand artistic traditions. 

Mérida 

Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico. It has a population of
about 750,000, and is the largest city in the Yucatán Peninsula. 

Catedral de San Ildefonso 

Zócalo or Main Plaza, with the Cathedral in the distance 

Understand 

Mérida is a city of contrasts. You will find elegant hotels, restaurants and
malls in the northern part of the city. Downtown, there are hotels and
restaurants to suit every budget. A large central market and numerous small
shops are found all around the main plaza. Mérida has a rich cultural life which
also reflects its diversity. Many free concerts, performances and other events
are held daily. 

The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a
centuries-old Maya city called T'ho. The palatial home of the family of
conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or
main square. Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in
Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town. 

From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by
the henequen or sisal plant harvest, which made Yucatán the rope maker to the
world. Progressive Mérida had electric trams and street lights before Mexico
City. The wealthy constructed the grand Pasejo Montejo avenue north of the old
town, inspired by the Champs-Élysées in Paris. With the development of
artificial twines the sisal boom ended, and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy
provincial capital until development picked back up in the late 20th century. 

The city's ambiance is colonial and the climate is tropical. The daytime
temperature varies; in January, it is about 24 ° C (75 ° F) and in June, about
35 ° C (95 ° F). To beat the heat, most people are busiest in the mornings. They
have lunch and siesta, then go back to work for a few hours in the late
afternoon. The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the
evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors. You
can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets, sit in the
plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants. 

From Mérida, it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations:
archaeological sites, ecological parks, typical villages, caves, beaches,
colonial missions and more. Take your time and really explore the Maya sites,
walk for miles along the Gulf of Mexico, attend a village festival, photograph
the wildlife, crawl through a cave or swim in a cenote. 

Tourist Information (Turismo Mérida), email: turismo@merida.gob.mx. The city
maintains several tourist information offices, all of which can offer helpful
information on accommodation, free maps, and bus connections. All offices also
have free copies of Yucatan Today, a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication
listing all events in the city and the surrounding region. 

City Hall Information Center (Módulo de Información Turística Palacio Municipal)
Calle 62 between 61 and 63 (inside the Palacio del Gobierno left of the main
entrance), ☎ + 529999420000 x 80119. Daily 08:00 - 20:00, Su 08:00 - 14:00. 

Paseo de Montejo Information Module (Módulo de Información Turística Paseo de
Montejo) Ave Paseo de Montejo 56A x 33A ☎ + 529999204044 e-mail:
turismo@merida.gob.mx. 08:00 - 20:00. 

Phoenix 

Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most populous city
in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United States. Founded
in 1871, it has become the region's primary political, cultural, economic, and
transportation center. At an elevation of 1100 ft (335 m), it is situated in the
biologically unique Sonoran Desert. Over time it has merged with the neighboring
cities of Scottsdale, Tempe, Glendale, Peoria, Chandler, and Gilbert to form the
Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area. Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction,
Fountain Hills, Queen Creek, and Sun City are becoming part of this metropolitan
area as well. Phoenix is extremely hot and dry in the summertime, so always have
sunscreen with you! 

Understand 

Why would anybody want to start a city in the middle of a desert? The answer is,
surprisingly, agriculture. The Salt and Verde Rivers of central Arizona were
exploited for large-scale agriculture by Native Americans as early as the 11th
century. The area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam
culture, which built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages,
whose remains may be viewed in the city to this day. White settlers discovered
the remnants of the Hohokam culture in the 19th century. The city's name
reflects its history as a city "reborn from the ashes" of the previous
settlement. 

European-American settlement of the area commenced in the 1860s, and in 1911 the
completion of the first of several large reservoirs in the mountains north and
east of Phoenix insured its success as a center for irrigation-based
agriculture. Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton
and other crops, and for many years, intensive, year-round irrigated agriculture
formed the basis of the economy. Recent years are seeing a revival, and trendy
hotels, bars, shops and restaurants are making it a place to be again. 

Warm and sunny winter weather also ensured a thriving tourism industry, and
encouraged many Easterners and Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix. High-tech
industry began to flourish after World War II, and since that time the growth of
Phoenix has been explosive. As a result, a population of just over 100,000 in
1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 (with the metro area
estimated at 4,489,109). 

Climate 

Phoenix has an arid climate with long, hot summers and very mild winters. It has
the highest average temperature of any metropolitan area in the States. The
weather varies enormously from one season to the next. While it's not as cold as
in the northern states during the winter, it does freeze sometimes, and
temperatures in the 30s ° F (that's around or slightly above 0 ° C) are not
unheard of. In the summer, very hot and dry heat is the norm. On the hottest
days, it can get up to 115 ° F (46 ° C) or more. Monsoon rains with lightning
occur regularly from July to September during the late afternoon and evening,
occasionally overnight also. April is the most ideal month. In some
neighborhoods, cicada insects make loud sounds from sunset to sunrise. 

Talk 

English is the dominant language in Phoenix. However, like much of the Southwest
with a large Hispanic population, Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix.
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places,
although English is the language of preference, especially when dealing with
businesses and government. 

Get in 

By plane 

Wikimedia Maps 

Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (IATA: PHX) +1602275-4958 is the main
air gateway to Arizona. It is at the southeast end of Downtown. It is a hub for
American Airlines and Southwest Airlines. Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4.
There is no Terminal 1. 

Terminal 2: Alaska (Gates 10 & 11), Great Lakes (Gates C & D), Spirit, Sun
Country, United 

Terminal 3: Delta, Frontier, Hawaiian, JetBlue 

Terminal 4: Aeroméxico, Air Canada, American, British Airways, Southwest,
Volaris, WestJet 

Valley Metro #13 goes west to S 75th Ave along S Buckeye (via Greyhound depot)
from Terminal 2. Likewise one can take the PHX skytrain over to the nearby 44th
& Washington St Station to catch the #1 (west to the downtown Central Station
and Priest & Washington in Tempe to the east along Washington St); #44 bus
(north to the Desert Ridge Marriott Resort in Deer Valley along N 44th St &
Tatum); and the light rail (east to Tempe & Mesa and to Midtown (along Central
Ave) via downtown in the other direction). 

Understand 

Due to its remarkable biodiversity, with over a third of the local plant species
found nowhere else, Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
With over 40,000 inhabitants, though, it's not just a nature reserve. 

The Island is new to tourism, so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation
this is not the right destination. However, Socotra is a perfect destination for
the adventurous and nature loving travelers. Socotra takes pride in their
eco-tourism and values their spectacular plant and wildlife that may sometimes
be only found on this island. Although the lodging and facilities may not be the
same as more modern and developed locations, Socotra is a beautiful and
magnificent destination choice. Great care is shown to both guests and the
environment. 

Socotra is an eco-tourism system with limited infrastructure and new to the
international tourist market, and therefore the hotel accommodations are not
quite like other destinations. However there are four hotels in Hadibo: Taj
Socotra Hotel, Hafijj Hotel, Socotra Hotel, and Summer land Hotel. These hotels
may not be the most luxerious, but they do provide air-conditionting,
televisions, and refrigerators in all of the rooms. Most of the rooms at these
hotels have their own bathroom, but there are a few rooms at the Hafijj Hotel
and Socotra Hotel that must share bathrooms. Fortunately, there is a restaurant
in each of the hotels with simple yet delicious cuisine. Considering Socotra is
a fairly new eco-tourism destination, their facilities are decent. In addition,
there is also another hotel at the airport as well as multiple guest houses
around the island. 

The most popular lodging is actually camping on the beaches. There are several
campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain
views in the background. Tourists can choose to purchase camping tour packages
which include a driver or guide that will show tourists around the beaches as
well as provide meals during their stay. It is a fantastic way to enjoy the
beauty and wildlife of the island. 

A runway that provides fairly regular airline transportation was only
constructed in 1999. Like everything else, infrastructure and transportation has
only just begun in recent years. There are also plans for new harbor facilities
that will allow fisherman to sell and catch more easily and make importing food
and fuel simpler. 

In addition, there are also two information centers located at the airport and
Hadibo. 

When to go: Climate is an important consideration. And this depends on your
interest. Nature enthusiasts should go from early October to late April. The
monsoon occurs in July till mid-August (during July in the south east and south
west of the island, wind surfing activity can be arranged). Generally, wildlife
and natural viewing is best from the end of January through May. 

Get in 

By plane 

Dixam, in the centre of the island 

There are flights from Sana'a via Al Mukalla. Yemenia Airlines offers one flight
per week on Thursday morning. Felix Airways offers two flights per week on
Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning. Flight durations are almost three
hours. 

There are also flights from Sharjah via Al Mukalla. 

Get around 

There is a public bus from the airport to Hadibo and from Hadibo to Qalansia.
Beside these two buses, there is no public transport, but car rental with driver
is available. There is a lot of walking and hiking along with camel back rides
available. 

See 

Socotra is considered the jewel of biodiversity in the Arabian Sea. Although the
region is small, it is characterized by unique land and marine biodiversity. 

The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier
mountains and limestone plateau. While on the outer coastline, breathtaking
natural beaches have pure white sand dunes and palm trees. Socotra Island is
very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs, fish, birds,
plants, and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world. The limestone
plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant
species, but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of
vegetation. One of the most famous plants is the dragon's blood tree “dracaena
cinnabara” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth. The tree
got its name because if any damage is made to the bark then a dark red liquid
oozes out. 

The dragon's blood tree thrives in Socotra's arid climate 

There is also the Desert Rose (adenium obesium) which looks like a blooming
elephant leg. Also found in Socotra's landscape is the ever-strange and
extremely rare Cucumber Tree. In addition there are over 120 species of birds
and about 190 species of butterflies. There is so much beauty all around the
island, it is difficult not the appreciate to magnificent scenery and wildlife.

Respect 

Thais are a polite people and, while remarkably tolerant of foreigners
gallivanting on their beaches and with their women, youll find that you will get
more respect if you in turn treat them and their customs with respect. 

The wai 

Ronald McDonald showing how it's done 

The traditional greeting known as the wai, where you press your hands together
as is in prayer and bow slightly, is derived from the Hindu cultural influence
from India, and still widely practised. Among Thais, there are strict rules of
hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given. In brief, inferiors
salute superiors first. You should not wai service people or street vendors. The
higher your hands go, the more respectful you are. You will also often see Thais
doing a wai as they walk past temples and spirit houses. As a foreign visitor,
you are not expected to know how to wai, nor to reciprocate when wai'd to; while
you're unlikely to cause offense if you do, you may well look slightly strange.
If somebody makes a wai to you, a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for
ordinary occasions, and for business, most Thais will shake hands with
foreigners instead of waiing anyway. 

Dress 

Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to
other people. You will find that dressing appropriately means that you are shown
more respect in return. This translates in many ways, even sometimes lowering
initial offering prices at markets. While some allowance is made for the
differing customs of foreigners, Thais respond more positively to well-dressed
Westerners. 

Traditionally, Thais are modest and conservative dressers. At a minimum your
clothes should be neat, clean, and free from holes or tears. Except at the beach
or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women,
except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin. Pants are
preferable to shorts, blouses should have capped sleeves, and if tank tops are
worn, the straps should be thick (i.e., not spaghetti straps). Thai men
generally wear pants, and most Thais view an adult man wearing shorts as fairly
ridiculous; shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren. Men's
shorts should be knee length or more, if worn at all. 

Taking off one's shoes at temples and private homes is mandatory etiquette, and
this may even be requested at some shops. Wear shoes that slip on and off
easily. Flip-flops, hiking sandals, and clog-type shoes are usually a good
pragmatic choice for traveling in Thailand; only in the most top-end
establishments are shoes required. 

It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand; your
dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of
your limbs. For men, ankle-length pants are mandatory; on top, t-shirts are
acceptable, though a button-front or polo shirt would be best. Many recommend
that women wear only full length dresses and skirts; you should make sure that
your clothing covers at least your shoulders and your knees and some places may
require that you wear ankle-length pants or skirts and long sleeved tops. Shorts
and sleeveless shirts are highly inappropriate, as are short skirts. The rules
are even more strict for foreign visitors, so even if you see a local in shorts
it's not OK for everyone. 

Topless sunbathing is common by Western women at many tourist beaches. At
beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however, this is not advised. 

Religion 

Buddhist prayer flags, Wat Arun, Bangkok 

Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand, and Thai men are generally
expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in
their lifetime. 

Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations, and in particular they do
not touch women or take things from women's hands. Women should make every
effort to make way for monks on the street and give them room so they do not
have to make contact with you. Women should avoid offering anything to a monk
with their hands. Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he
can pick it up, or place it on a special cloth he carries with him. Monks will
sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on
their behalf. 

Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as
such, are not allowed to touch money, so offering money to a monk is considered
to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures. Therefore,
should you wish to donate to a monk, you should only offer food, and put your
monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple. Those monks
that accept money are almost always fakes. 

Tulsa 

Tulsa is in the Green Country region of Oklahoma. It is also called “T-town” by
the locals and has been called the "Oil Capital of the World". The city had
about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010 from
the US Census Bureau. The Tulsa Bartlesville Combined area had 988,000 in the
2010 census. 

Understand 

Tulsa lies in northeastern Oklahoma, at the convergence of the Great Plains and
the Ozark Plateau, and receives an average of 40 inches of precipitation each
year, both of which account for its abundant beautiful rolling green terrain. As
a result, Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma stereotype of being nothing but a flat, arid
dust bowl. Summers can be very warm and with the cold wind across the plains it
can get very cold in the winter, but it does not last long. The winters are
considered to be very mild. There is not much snow, just a few inches each year,
typically, although in 2007 and again in 2008 there were rather large "ice
storms". Tulsa has over 225 days of sunshine annually. 

In Tulsa you will find old west charm as well as a cosmopolitan atmosphere. You
will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that southern charm,
so they are willing to help you find your way around. Tulsa has one of the
largest concentrations of Art Deco in the nation, having been a booming city
during the 1920s when the architecture was first built by rich oil barons who
built stately mansions and turned the Downtown area into a treasure trove of
art. 

Get in 

By plane 

Tulsa International Airport (IATA: TUL) in the northern part of Tulsa. It has
major airlines with direct flights to major cities in the U.S. It is a small but
nice airport with sofas and chairs all around and a very laid-back feel. The car
rental area and parking is well integrated. The airport offers free short term
parking (first half-hour free). 

Richard L. Jones, Jr. Airport (IATA: RVS) (often called the "Riverside Airport")
is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport. 

By train 

There is no passenger train service to Tulsa. 

By car 

Most Tulsans drive almost everywhere, although bus, bike, and pedestrian routes
are starting to catch on. 

From the North / Kansas - US-75 South from Bartlesville, OK, or US-169 South
from Coffeyville, KS. 

From the Northeast / Missouri - I-44 West, aka the "Will Rogers Turnpike." The
world's former largest McDonalds spans the roadway near Vinita, OK. 

From the East / Arkansas - US-412 West, aka the "Cherokee Turnpike." 

From the Southeast / Arkansas - The "Muskogee Turnpike." 

From the South - US-75 from Okmulgee, OK, aka the "Okmulgee Beeline." 

From the Southwest / Oklahoma City - I-44 East, aka the "Turner Turnpike." 

From the West - US-412 East, aka the "Cimarron Turnpike." 

For the slow scenic route from Northeast or Southwest come in on old Route 66. 

By bus 

Greyhound Bus Lines +1918584-4428, 317 S Detroit Ave. (downtown). 

Get around 

Thanks to urban planning, the major city streets are placed in a grid layout.
Almost all major intersections are one mile from each other, and exactly in a
straight line. That makes it much easier to find places than in cities where
streets go every which way. The major exception is downtown, which is slanted at
almost a 45 degree angle to the rest of the grid. 

By car 

Several freeways and bypasses can be used to easily get around the Tulsa Metro
area: I-244, I-44, US 169 (Mingo Valley Expressway, aka "Pearl Harbor Memorial
Expressway"), US 75, Hwy 51 (Broken Arrow Expressway, The "B.A."), Creek
Turnpike. 

The streets and avenues are planned on a 1 mile by 1 mile grid system, with the
main arterials running on each mile. In the core of the city, named avenues run
north / south and are named after US cities, generally in repeating alphabetical
order (for example, Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden). In the mid-town area
the names are taken from colleges and college towns. North / South is divided by
Admiral Blvd. Name streets East of Main are cities east of the Mississippi
River, vice versa for name streets west of Main. In the parts of the city
farther from downtown, north-south streets are numbered. It is important to
recognize that the specific format of the north-south numbered street names is
North / South 145th East / West Avenue. 

Numbered streets run East / West with Main Street and the Arkansas River as the
dividing line. Watch out for Place, Street, Avenue designation, e.g. 47th Place,
47th Street, or Florence Place, Florence Avenue. It is important to recognize
that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East
71st Street North / South. In some parts of the city, numbered streets
intersect, so the distinction is important. Although rare, one east-west
numbered street may even intersect with a street of the same number running
north-south. 

Downtown streets were originally platted parallel to the Frisco railroad tracks.
When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat, the expanded areas
were platted in alignment with the points of the compass. Thus the "twisted"
area down-town represents the original extent of Tulsa ca 1907. 

By bus 

Tulsa Transit provides bus service for the Tulsa Metro area. Cities served are
Tulsa, Sand Springs, Sapulpa, Jenks, and Broken Arrow. The central station is at
319 S. Denver (downtown). They do not run that often, especially to the outer
towns like Broken Arrow. Unlike major cities in the Northeast, the city bus is
not a major form of transportation in the city. It is usually a means of travel
for those who are without their own motor vehicle. 

By bicycle 

Tulsa has an extensive interconnected paved bike trail system. Rivertrail
follows the Arkansas River from downtown Tulsa south to the suburbs. The Katy
Trail runs west to Sand Springs. The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that
begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook. The Creek
Trail connects Rivertrail and continues east through Broken Arrow to the
NSU-Broken Arrow campus. Riders accustomed to flat terrain may find Tulsa's
rolling land to be a bit more challenging, particularly during the heat of
summer. If you are looking for a good workout, the Creek Turnpike Trail follows
the land's original contours. Rivertrail is probably be best choice for the
rider seeking an easy route. 

Four bike loan depots, located along Rivertrail, allow riders to borrow a bike
for free for up to twenty-four hours. 

Tulsa has an active bicycling community. 

York 

York is an ancient cathedral city with a history that dates back to before Roman
times. It is situated in Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, England with some of the
best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe. As of the 2001
census, the population of York was 181,000. York is frequently ranked (often
vying with Manchester) the second most visited city in England after London.
York Minster 

Understand 

York was known as Eboracum by the Romans, who founded the fortress city on the
River Ouse in the year 71. York was home first to the Ninth Legion and later the
Sixth. York quickly became one of the most important cities in Roman Britain,
and after 211 became the capital of the province Britannia Inferior. Constantine
the Great - later responsible for making Christianity the official religion of
the Roman Empire - was first proclaimed Emperor in the city. 

Captured by the Vikings 866, the city quickly took on a new identity as Jorvik
(pronounced "Yor-vik") and experienced a major urban revival as a centre of
Viking trade and settlement in northern England. The Coppergate excavations of
the 1970s revealed much of this Viking past. 

York is a fairly small city - four days is enough to see the major sights
although York is a city that reveals its charms to explorers with curiosity and
patience. 

York is known as England's "City of Festivals "as there are regular cultural
festivals every year. The official festivals are the Viking Festival, the
Festival of Angels, Early Music, Late Music, Horse Racing (the "Ebor Race
Meeting"), Multicultural Food and Arts, Chinese New Year, Mystery Plays,
Christmas St Nicholas' Fair, and the Food and Drink Festival. It's a romantic
city for a weekend break. York is full of magic and a wonderful place to bring
children! 

Get in 

Most travellers will arrive in York by road (car or bus) or rail from other
parts of the UK or an airport. 

By car 

Although York is not directly on any of the main north-south motorways, the
connections are reasonably good. From the south, the quickest route is probably
to take the M1 northbound to junction 32, then the M18 eastbound to junction 2,
the A1M northbound to junction 44 and finally the A64 eastbound to the York
Outer Ring Road (A1237). Alternatively, you can take the M1 all the way to the
A64, but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very
congested, especially in the rush hours. From the west, the A59 and the M62
provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester, and from the north the A1 and
the A19 link York with Tyneside, Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland. 

Driving into the city centre itself is something to avoid. Traffic congestion on
the main arterial roads serving the city (especially the A19 on Bootham and the
Inner Ring Road) can get very bad, especially during the rush hours and on
Saturday mornings. The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to
accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent
years, and parking in the city centre is very expensive. 

If you are just visiting York for the day, using a Park and Ride [1] costs a lot
less than trying to park in or near the city centre, and there are five sites
dotted around the Outer Ring Road. However, the last buses from the city centre
leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not allowed to leave your car
in a Park and Ride overnight. Therefore, if you are staying overnight in York
and arriving by car, make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book.
If you are only visiting for the day but staying until late evening, you will
need to use a city centre car park. 

How to Detect Arrogant People 

Do you always seem to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves,
intolerant of people different from them, rude or downright arrogant? These
people can be a great source of potential pain, and this article is here to help
you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant. 

Steps 

Pay attention to their conversations. Don't eavesdrop, but when they're talking
to you or to those around you, listen to them. Is it always about them? Do they
get mad or irritated if the centre of attention moves to someone else? These are
good signs of arrogance. 

Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience, and
feeling concerned that those with greater life experience "have got something
over them". Rather than seeking to find out more through questions and learning
(actions viewed by them as showing vulnerability), arrogant people tend to
generalize from their limited, narrow life experiences and try to impose their
small worldview on others. 

Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to
feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own
/ have that you don't. 

Arrogant people have an extremely strong need to look good. When you make them
look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad
at you. This happens when you question (or at least seem to question) their
appearance, intelligence, athletic abilities, or anything else relating to their
self-image. 

Challenge their worldview. Don't be aggressive –– just skeptical and curious. If
they get upset, gauge their anger. If it's minimal, they may be simply having a
bad day. But if they're enraged, then they may see you as questioning their
'perfect little world.' And having one of those is usually indicative of
arrogance. 

At some point or another, most people realize that the world doesn't revolve
around them. Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that
revolves around them, and get angry if they're reminded of the real world. 

Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it suggests imperfection, change and
lack of certainty (realities we all must contend with as best we can). As such,
instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse
to one's preferences, the arrogant person seeks to control everything and
everyone, which of course, is an impossible mission. 

Reality hurts when it intrudes; as such, an arrogant person is less likely than
other people to self-reflect or analyse, thereby not seeing their own
imperfections. They may also give themselves undue credit for positive
achievements instead of acknowledging the input of others or of circumstances. 

Learn the quality of their friendships. Don't be nosy or gossipy, but if they
are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next, that's a sign of
them having a lot of fair weather friends. That's a sign of arrogance, since it
is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who's stuck on themselves.
Prideful people have a strong need to look good, and being self-sufficient is an
effective way to do that. Since being a good friend to someone usually means
helping them, they often can't stand the thought of a good friendship. 

Ironically, arrogant people often can't understand why they don't have any
reliable and supportive friends. 

How do they treat those not like themselves? In other words, how do they treat
those with different beliefs, cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world?
If it's inherently negative, then they're either over-zealous, ignorant of other
people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to
them and them only. Determine this based on their general personality and the
people they're interacting with. 

Many times prideful people have a serious 'my-way's-the-only-way' attitude. This
is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land. 

What's their personality like? Take note of how they act, talk, and use their
social status. Do they have a general sense of 'coolness?' Are they a
chatterbox? Do they act like they own the place, or act like the 'big dog?' Are
they very keen on their self-image? 

Many arrogant people have a false charm that no one seems to see through. But
the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those
that they don't like. 

When they are cruel, their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to
stop it since they're afraid that they'll be treated badly by their 'friend.' 

Mention people you know that they don't like. This isn't meant to begin a
conflict, but to gauge their rivalries, annoyances and enmities. If their
condemnation seems to be reasonable, they probably aren't hubristic. If it's
harsh, they are. 

For the most part, arrogant people see people that they don't like as threats to
their perfect little world. The more they hate someone, the more dangerous that
person is to their fantasy land. And in turn, the bigger the threat, the harsher
the criticism. 

Ask around to see what they've been saying about you. If they have been saying
bad things about you, they may simply not like you. If they're nice to your
face, but talk bad about you behind your back like it's their favourite hobby,
then they probably have a problem with pride. 

Arrogant people often subconsciously know that they don't have any good friends.
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of
friends - they have a 'quantity, not quality' mentality. Then they simply insult
their trophy friends when they aren't looking. 

How to Ballet Dance 

Ballet began in royal courts in the early 1600's, and early forms of this
elegant and sophisticated art involved long skirts and wooden clogs. Dancing
ballet is extremely popular throughout the world, and studying ballet can help
develop strong bodies, spatial and temporal awareness, and improve coordination.
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives,
making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance. While
dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training, you can learn the
basics to prepare yourself for further study. Learn to get ready for practicing,
the basic positions, and some of the first techniques you're likely to encounter
in ballet. 

Part 1 Getting Ready to Dance 

Stretch your muscles thoroughly. Stretching is important to loosen muscles,
strengthen muscles and to elongate your posture. It is vital that it is done at
the beginning of each ballet session, including before a performance. When
taking on ballet, it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes,
to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up, reducing the risk of injury.
You should also stretch to "wind down" at the end of ballet dancing. 

Always wear ballet slippers. Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug, but
not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet. There are
different styles and types of shoes, so ask your ballet teacher or a salesman at
the store for advice, given your intentions for dancing. 

Don't buy shoes to grow into, because your feet will seem flexed when you pointe
and will look flat. You should fit them to where the drawstring is tied slightly
loose. If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off
till it is roughly the size of your fingernail. The drawstring just completes
the fit. It isn't made to tighten overly large shoes. 

If you can't buy ballet shoes, that it is okay. Use socks without the stickies
on the bottom, so you can turn! 

Wear comfortable and snug-fitting athletic clothes. The most important thing is
that you are comfortable, and that you're not wearing baggy or loose fitting
clothing so you can make sure you're forming and moving correctly in the mirror.
A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet. Pink or black
ballet slippers are also appropriate. 

If you're signed up for a class, check with your instructor to find out if there
is a dress code at the school. Some schools may have students wear the same
thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes
ballet skirts. Mostly they require tight fitting clothing so they can see that
your muscles are working properly and so on. 

Find an appropriate space to practice. Ballet is less about learning the moves
and more about perfecting them. The moves themselves are relatively
straightforward, but the positing, the timing, and the elegance required takes a
lifetime of practice. For this reason, it's always better to practice ballet in
a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor, who will be able to
correct your positioning and make sure that you're dancing properly. A dancing
studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what
you're doing accurately, and a barre for practicing. [1] 

If you want to practice at home, make sure you've got enough open space to move
freely, preferably on a hard wood floor. The back of a chair can replace the
need for a bar. Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and
see what you're doing. 

How to Grow Basil 

Three Methods: Starting Seeds Caring for Basil Harvesting and Using Basil 

Basil is easy to grow, and transforms ordinary meals into culinary treasures!
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried, it actually tastes different,
almost as if it were not the same herb. This article outlines how to plant and
harvest basil. 

Method 1 of 3: Starting Seeds 

1 Choose the kind of basil you wish to grow. Basil comes in many different
varieties, each of which have a unique flavor and smell. Read up on different
types of basil and pick out one - or several - that appeal to you, then order
the seeds or buy them at a garden store. Here are a few ideas: 

Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice, and it also has unusually
beautiful and fragrant flowers. 

Lemon basil actually contains citral, an aromatic compound found in citrus
fruit, and smells very lemony. 

Purple basil is often grown for decoration, as well as its scent and flowers. 

There are perennial basils which come back year after year, like African Blue
Basil (which has pretty blue veins on its leaves) and Thai Basil, while most
other varieties are annuals, which you'll have to plant year after year. Globe
and Greek basil are much more difficult to grow, but form pretty little bushes
which stay well-contained. 

2 Start seed indoors four to six weeks before last frost. Basil needs warm air
and sun to do well, so it's often easiest to start the seeds indoors instead of
risking that they'll get damaged by frost. 

If you live in a hot climate, you can start the seeds outside instead. 

To figure out when the last frost will be, consult an almanac or talk with other
gardeners in your area. 

3 Prepare seed containers. Fill flats or individual seed containers with a
mixture of equal parts perlite, vermiculite, and peat. Press the mixture
slightly to eliminate air pockets. Dampen the mixture with water so it's ready
to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate. 

4 Plant the seeds. Drop one to two seeds into each container. Cover them lightly
with soil. Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap, so they stay moist.
Leave the containers in a sunny window. Twice daily, remove the plastic wrap and
sprinkle the containers with more water. 

5 Remove the plastic wrap when the sprouts emerge. When you see the first green
tendrils push up through the soil, it's time to remove the plastic wrap. Keep
watering the sprouts twice daily, never letting the soil dry out. When the
plants become a few inches tall and their leaves mature, it's time to transplant
them to a larger container. 

Method 2 of 3: Caring for Basil 

1 Transplant the basil plants. Once two sets of leaves have formed, basil can be
planted into the garden or permanent containers. Basil does not tolerate frost
so don't plant too early. It's best to put basil somewhere where it will get a
good deal of sunshine and have well-drained soil. 

To plant the basil in the garden, dig holes spaced at least 6 inches apart.
Place the roots in the holes and place soil around the stems. Pat down soil
around the plants to eliminate air pockets. 

If you want to plant the basil in a container, make sure it's large enough to
accommodate the number of plants you're growing; they need to be planted 6
inches apart, since they grow quite large. 

2 Keep the soil damp, but not soaked. Basil does best in well-drained soil, and
should not be subjected to standing water. Water the mature basil plants once a
day, in the morning, so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than
sitting on the plants overnight. 

3 Pinch off flower heads. When you see flower buds, pinch them and two pairs of
leaves under them off. Flowers blooming create a hormone change which
dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves, as well as reducing the amount of
foliage which grows. This is called" bolting" and is more likely to happen when
there's extra sunshine. You'll notice that if you leave the flowers, the plant
will become lanky and the leaves won't be as full or tasty. 

4 Watch for pests and mold. Basil plants are attractive to Japanese beetles the
best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand. If your
plants show signs of mold growth, they may not be getting adequate sunlight, or
they may be too close together. Weed out the smaller plants to give the larger
ones more space. 

Method 3 of 3: Harvesting and Using Basil 

1 Harvest and prune. As the plant matures, pinch off the top two pairs of leaves
once a stalk reaches a reasonable height. If you look closely, at the base of
every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem
growing between them is cut off. Cut close to those tiny leaves, but be sure not
to damage them. 

Pinching encourages the plant's energy to be directed into its stronger stems
and leaves. This helps the plants grow bushy. 

Don't pinch on the lower part of the stem, or the basil plants will grow tall
and reedy. You want them to get bushy, so pinch from the top. 

2 Enjoy the basil fresh. Rinse off the leaves and use the basil to make pesto or
a Caprese salad with tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese. 

3 Store the basil in the refrigerator. You'll probably have more basil than you
could possibly eat fresh, so plan on storing some in the fridge. Wash the
leaves, dry them well, and wrap them in paper towels. Place them in a food
storage container with an airtight lid. 

4 Freeze the basil. Freezing the leaves whole doesn't work very well, but if you
puree it first you can freeze it for months. Place the basil in a blender with a
little water. Puree it until smooth, then put it in a food storage bag and
freeze until you need it. 

How to Hypnotize a Chicken 

Anyone who's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar
with this trick. Those who've never heard of this will be amazed to see a
chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed. Biologists
think that fear causes this "hypnosis," which may be an attempt to "play dead"
to fool predators. 

Method One of Two: Hypnotizing a Chicken 

Hold the chicken down on a flat surface. Hold the chicken with one hand
supporting the breast. Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight
and rests on the ground. Continue to hold its feet so the grand experiment can
continue. You can place the chicken on its breast instead. Press gently down on
its back, and gently move its legs back if it tries to stand up. 

Wiggle your finger. Hold the bird down gently with one hand. Put one finger on
your other hand just in front of its beak tip, without touching it. Move the
finger backward to about 4 inches (10 cm) away, then back again. Repeat until
the chicken stops moving or squawking. 

Let go of its legs. The chicken should be "hypnotized" and cease to struggle. It
will lie there for anywhere from 30 seconds to several minutes. 

Draw a line in front of its beak instead. If the chicken wasn't hypnotized, try
this alternative. Using chalk, a stick, or your finger, draw a line on the
ground 12 " (30 cm) long. Start near the chicken's beak and draw the line slowly
outward, in front of its head. 

Wake it up by clapping. Be nice to your feathered friend and let it get back to
its business. Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and
walks away. 

Method Two of Two: Reducing Stress in the Chicken 

Understand the hypnotic effect. Researchers call this effect "tonic immobility".

"When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened, its
heart rate lowers and it stops moving. This may be an attempt to play dead,
discouraging predators that prefer live prey. Unlike an opossum, the chicken
gives an unconvincing act, as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious
way." 

Keep the chicken upright or on its side. While it's not uncommon to transport a
chicken by its feet, this upside-down hold risks breaking the chicken's hip.
Hypnosis techniques that involve laying a chicken on its back may "succeed" by
cutting off its air supply. This can cause the chicken significant discomfort,
leading to fainting or even, rarely, death. 

Keep hypnosis short and infrequent. It's not completely clear how much stress
this hypnosis causes. Even if it does, the chicken shouldn't suffer as long as
you let it go soon afterward. Hours of stress, or regular exposure to stressful
situations, can cause serious health problems. 

Get your chickens used to humans and novelty. Even prolonged eye contact seems
to have an effect. Living in stimulating environments with new objects may also
help. Hens raise in battery cages stay "hypnotized" longer, possibly because of
greater fear. 

Watch for signs of stress. Abnormal feathering, constant preening, or delays in
egg-laying are all signs of a stressed chicken. While hypnotizing is unlikely to
cause serious harm, any type of stress is more damaging to a chicken in this
state. 

How to Make Vegan Cupcakes Two Methods: 

Basic Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes 

Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes 

No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs, butter, and milk! Here's
a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you
want to add to it. They're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any
occasion. 

Ingredients 

Method 1: Basic Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes: Servings: 18 - 24 (fewer if you opt for
larger-sized cupcakes) 

1 tablespoon (15 ml) apple cider vinegar 

1 1/2 cups (350 ml) plain soy milk 

2 3/4 cups (345 g) self raising flour 

2 teaspoons (10 g) baking powder 

1/2 teaspoon baking soda 

1/2 teaspoon salt 

1 cup (200 g) sugar 

1/2 cup (120 ml) vegetable oil 

1 teaspoon vanilla extract 

Vegan icing of your choice 

Method 2: Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes: Makes approx: 20 - 24 cupcakes: 

275 g (2 cups) plain or all-purpose flour (sifted) 

100 g (3/4 cup) quality cocoa powder (sifted) 

2 teaspoons baking soda 

1 teaspoon baking powder 

Pinch of salt 

450 ml (1 - 3/4 cup) unsweetened soy milk 

2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar 

320 g (1-2/3 cups) caster/superfine sugar 

320 ml (1 - 1/4 cups) sunflower oil (or coconut oil) 

2 tablespoons vanilla extract/essence 

Method 1 of 2: Basic Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes. 

Preheat the oven to 180oC/350oF. Prepare the muffin tray by adding cupcake
holders/cases. Put to one side. 

Alternatively, use a silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes. 

Put the cider vinegar into a small bowl and add the soy milk. Stir this well and
then put to one side. The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be
happening. 

Stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. If you want
chocolate cupcakes, add cocoa (about 1/2 cup) to this stage. 

Stir the oil and vanilla extract into the bowl containing the soy milk and
vinegar. Mix together. 

Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat together (by hand or
with an electric hand-held mixer). 

Fill the muffin pan. Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup
of batter. If you prefer larger cupcakes, then add a half a cup but make sure
the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger. 

Bake for 18 - 20 minutes. If you can smell the cupcakes earlier, check to make
sure they aren't browning earlier (this means they're more than ready). If you
aren't certain, turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more
minutes rather than bake them into rocks. 

Wait for the pan to cool down. Place cupcakes onto a wire rack to cool. 

Ice the cupcakes. The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by adding a
little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water. 

Finished. 

Method 2 of 2: Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes 

Preheat the oven to 160oC/315oF. If using cupcake cases, arrange on a baking
sheet now. If using a silicone cupcake sheet, simply have it ready. 

Add the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl.
Mix to combine. 

Pour the soy milk, vinegar, sugar, oil and vanilla into another bowl. Whisk
together well. 

Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture. Stir to combine thoroughly. 

Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes. 

Place into the oven. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. If they smell strongly earlier,
test with a wooden skewer; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake,
they're ready. 

Remove from the oven. Transfer the cupcakes to a wire cooling rack as quickly as
possible when cool enough to handle. Let cool completely on the rack. 

Frost as desired. Add standard frosting or make vegan butter cream. 

Tips 

You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes. One small container of
pureed fruit is sufficient for flavoring (the little containers that children
take to school in their lunchboxes.) Try strawberry, apple, banana, apricot,
peach etc. The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy, however, so be prepared
for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a
definite plus. 

Instead of using vegan sugar, you can replace it with equal parts maple sugar or
rice syrup 

Instead of using vegetable oil, try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut
oils if they are available to you. Coconut oil also produces good results. And
olive oil works fine if it's all that's left in the pantry. 

You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla
if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes. 

Experiment with the flavors of either recipe by replacing the vanilla extract
with fragrant ingredients like neroli orange oil, rosewater, orange blossom
water or coconut extract. 

How to Annoy People in Elevators 

An elevator is almost the perfect environment to be a prankster. It’s easy to
annoy people when you are cramped in such a small, tight space. Because elevator
rides usually last less than a minute, make sure your pranks are quick and have
a lot of punch. When annoying people on an elevator, keep your pranks
lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone leaving the
elevator will have a pleasant story to tell. 

Method 1 Using the Elevator to Annoy People 

Push all the buttons. When you get into the elevator, push the button for every
floor. This makes everyone’s ride on the elevator longer, if only for a few
seconds. If you want to take it a step further, look around questioningly at
everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed. [1] 

When someone comes in, say, "I've got this," before you push all of the buttons.

You can also push all the buttons as you reach the floor you are getting off at.

If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons, you can honestly say, "It
was just a joke!" 

Make a dinging noise at each floor. Every time the elevator reaches a new floor,
say “ding!” very loudly. You can even sing the word “ding” on each floor like
notes in a scale, getting higher as you reach each new floor. [2] 

You can make other noises if you prefer, such as a bird cawing or an explosion
sound every time a button is pushed. 

Talk to your reflection in the mirror. Many elevators have mirrors on the walls.
A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running commentary
while you look at yourself in the mirror. 

You could look at yourself, turning to catch different angles and say “All
right, all right, now we’re talking,” very loudly. 

You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair, keeping a running
dialogue about what look is best for you. 

Stand in the corner of the elevator facing the wall. Don't say anything the
whole ride. 

Dance to the elevator music. Many elevators play music in the background,
usually soft rock or smooth jazz. If you’re in an elevator that is playing
music, start to dance. Start just bobbing your head and tapping your feet, and
then get your whole body into it. Take up as much space as you can to dance
until everyone is staring at you. [3] 

Announce every floor. At every floor, make a loud announcement telling everyone
the floor number. Say something like “Everyone going to floor ten, get off now!
No time to dilly dally!” [4] 

You can also pretend to conduct people onto the elevator, saying “All aboard the
elevator train!” 

Exclaim that you've lost a beast. When the elevator is going from the bottom
floor to the top, as soon as the doors close, exclaim that you lost your
tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator. 

Most people will probably see that this is a joke. However, if somebody looks
seriously alarmed or is starting to panic, let them know that you were not being
serious. 

Build in or add something to the elevator. For example, build a Lego city in the
middle of the elevator. Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they
want to play. 

Talk to people. When there are a lot of people, say, "You're probably wondering
why I've gathered you here today." 

How to Flirt Through Instant Messaging 

So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN, AIM, Facebook Chat, or any other
instant messaging service and you don't want to look like a creep?
Congratulations — by seeking help, you've already demonstrated more
self-awareness than the vast majority of online flirts. See Step 1 below to
start flirting smartly and respectfully. 

Part 1 of 2: Flirting Dos 

Start the conversation casually. As in the real world, the first step to
flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in! Text the other person
a brief message asking them about their day, asking them a specific question
about work or school, or simply saying "Hi!". The hardest part of flirting is to
break through your initial reluctance, so if you're having a hard time taking
the plunge, just remind yourself that no matter how badly it goes, it'll be less
stressful than an equivalent real-world encounter. 

There's no reason to be nervous when it comes to IM flirting — if the person you
want to talk to doesn't want to talk to you, s/he always has the option of
simply not responding to your message, as, from your point of view, this is
indistinguishable from him or her simply being away from the computer. 

This being said, if you barely know someone, it can be a good idea to have an
excuse for starting a conversation to avoid awkwardness. Asking for help with a
work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet, as is asking a
question about something striking about the person. For instance, if the person
has a band-related username, you might say: "Hey, cool name. Did you see those
guys when they last came to town?" 

Start small talk. After your initial greeting and exchange of pleasantries,
you'll probably want to ask how the person's doing (just like you might in the
real world). Ask him or her about work or school, his / her interests, or any
recent trips, for instance. Rather than asking a question, you can also simply
offer your comments on these things. When s/he responds, add your own comments
or ask follow-up questions and proceed from there! Don't pry into his or her
personal life — keep things light, fun, and focused on worry-free subjects. 

Don't dwell too long on small talk. A minute or two is great for breaking the
ice, but much more can get boring fast. 

For example, after we've opened up by asking about this person's interest in the
band in his / her username, it's logical and reasonable to ask about this
person's musical likes and dislikes. You can even offer your own opinions and
suggestions. For instance, you might say something like: "If you like those
guys, you might want to check out this band called Manic Albatross - they're
like the Beatles, only darker. What sorts of other bands do you like?" 

Joke. Everyone likes a good sense of humor. In the immortal words of Marilyn
Monroe, "If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything" (don't
worry, ladies — the same is true for men!) Try to be playful and even slightly
sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you're talking to. 

For instance, if you're asked what you're up to, rather than saying, "looking
for people to hit on on Facebook" you might find that it's a better idea to give
a sarcastic answer like "writing the great American novel" or "drowning my
sorrows". These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching
points for conversations about your hobbies, like the writing you're doing on
the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day. 

In our example conversation, you might work a joke or two into your
music-related small talk. For instance, you might say something like, "I don't
know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature. Does he
even have time to record between rehab stints?" 

Part 2 of 2: Flirting Don'ts 

Don't be too self-deprecating. Simply put, confidence is sexy. This is more true
for real-life situations than it is online, but this mantra has some truth in
the world of IM flirting as well. For instance, you'll want to avoid making lots
of jokes at your own expense. Just one is plenty — it shouldn't be a recurring
theme throughout your conversation. Doing this too often can quickly turn an
otherwise flirtatious conversation into one in which you appear needy and
self-loathing. 

On the other hand, this isn't to say that you should necessarily make jokes at
other people's expense, as this can make you seem mean and petty. Any sort of
pointed or caustic remarks about yourself or someone else don't have a place in
flirtatious conversations. 

Don't be too sappy. People like flirting to be fun. For most people, receiving
compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make
someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious. It can also make him or her
question your motives, leading the person to believe that you may be trying to
get something out of him or her. Besides, the wooing power of flowery, gushing
compliments is diminished (to say the least) when the compliments are displayed
in a tiny box at the bottom of the screen alongside cartoon smiley faces. 

Instead of relying too heavily on compliments, instead, focus on having an
engaging, genuine conversation. Follow the mantra "show, don't tell." In other
words, show that you're attracted to this person by giving him or her a great
conversation, not by stating it outright. 

How to Make a Glowstick 

Those glowing Mountain Dew videos with peroxide and baking soda are all hoaxes.
To truly make a glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick and shoving
its contents into a tube (also known as cheating), you've gotta let your inner
scientist out (along with a few dollars). If you're still curious, read on. This
is fun for anyone and everyone. 

Method One of Two: Using Luminol 

Put on protective glasses. In addition, wear gloves to protect your skin. It's
also a good idea to not wear your Sunday best. Throw on some old clothes or put
a smock over clothes you want protected. Some of this stuff is dangerous -- this
experiment is not meant for children! 

Listen up, kids: You'll be working with a solution that's near a 12 on the pH
scale. That basically means don't swallow it, don't put it in your eyes, don't
bathe in it, and don't really expose yourself to it directly at all. Got it?
Moving on. 

Combine 50 milliliters of hydrogen peroxide and a liter of distilled water in a
mixing bowl. A ceramic bowl will work best, but plastic works too. Use funnels,
measuring tubes, and basters to keep everything well-measured and well away from
you. 

Hydrogen peroxide is used to replace the luminol's nitrogen atoms with oxygen.
When that happens, all the substances create a rave and start partying and
electrons fly everywhere and what results? The glow. 

Mix .2 grams of luminol, 4 grams of sodium carbonate, .4 grams of copper
sulfate, .5 grams of ammonium carbonate and 1 liter (0.3 US gal) of distilled
water in a second bowl. It is important not to touch the luminol. Use a funnel
to make everything safe and easy. Unfortunately, these hazardous chemicals will
not float freely in mid-air like this graphic suggests. 

Yep, unless you're a coroner or some sort of crazy spy / criminologist you
probably don't have this stuff lying around the house (hopefully not ...). If
you're dead set on starting your own glowstick business (worse ideas exist), try
websites like Alfa Aesar [1] or Sigma Aldrich [2] for supplies. 

Mix everything well. Don't use your hands -- use a metal or plastic utensil of
some sort. 

Clean the containers and dry them thoroughly. It's important to use sanitary,
clean tubes for your glowsticks. The last thing you want is other substances
interacting with the reactions you're depending on to make the substances glow.

Set the correct lid next to each container. This enables you to seal the
containers quickly after filling. It's not like the glow will get up and run
away from you, but still. 

Combine equal amounts of the first and second solution in the container and
close the bottles. Shake them up once the lids are on tightly. Then turn off the
lights! 

If it's not already glowing, something went wrong. Do over! 

Watch as the chemical compound creates a colorful glow. Take your glowsticks to
the party and charge your friends loads of money for them! But act quickly ...
the glow won't last very long. Expectations crushed? Method two to the rescue! 

The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide creates doesn't last long at
all -- maybe a couple of minutes. For something that lasts hours, go to the next
method (which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory,
but it's still worth mentioning). 

Method 2 of 2: Using Grammar 

Name your language. This is the most fundamental property in all languages. You
have many names to choose from. You can even use a made up word from your made
up language like 'Victory' or 'Great Language'. The choice is all yours. 

Start off with the highly frequently used words such as 'and' or 'I' or 'one' or
'the'. It is recommend that you use short words since they are commonly used. An
example would be 'ant' for and or 'es' or even 'loo' for the word 'and'. 

Start thinking about the grammar rules. For example if the word Bird is
'Vogelaviatiolap' then why not make the word Birds 'Vogelaviatiolaps' since the
suffix 's' is added at the end for most languages at plurals. If you want to add
complication, you can add genders like most European languages like French and
German. For example, if you want the word 'horse' to be a boy, you may want 'the
horse' to be 'Mat Fereder', but a 'cat' to be a girl, you may want, 'the cat' to
be 'Fet Kamaow'. 

Consider basing your language on an existing language. 

For example, in my made up language, 'Vogelaviatiolap' means Bird. If you
haven't guessed, it comes from the following: 

'Vogel' comes from German, which means bird 

'aviatio' comes from English. It's uncompleted though, because the word is part
of the term 'aviation' 

'lap' comes from Onomatopoeia. It's a completed term, but it is supposed to come
from 'Flap!' 

Consider basing some of your words from other words you have invented. For
example, if you invented the word 'China' as 'Khinssa', 'Drink' as 'Bever', and
the word 'Accident' as 'Casnondelibreaten', why not make the word 'tea' as
'Khincasnonbever' or 'Bevernondelibreatekin' or even
'Khinssacasnondelibreatenibever'! 

Get inspiration from existing alphabets and words. 

Why not add some non Latin Characters such as ß? You can even make the whole
language not based on the Latin Alphabet at all like Chinese! 

You can even take some words of languages, altering them or not. You can make
the word 'pen' as 'penn' or even 'pen'. Using the dictionary can ensure you not
missing a single word. 

Keep track of all your Remember to write down your creations! 

Use your language. Get used to using it yourself, and spread it to others. Once
you feel confident about your language, experiment and expand: 

Grab a book / novel and translate it to your own language. 

Teach your friends this new language. 

As soon as your friends understand your language, communicate to them with it. 

Be fluent in your own made up language and start spreading this to your friends,
family and strangers! 

Write your own poem / novel / story with your own made up language. 

If you're really ambitious, set a goal of helping others become fluent in the
language. One day, maybe you can make it the official language of a country! 

Tips 

Make sure that it is a language that while speaking, you don't get a literal
knot in your tongue! 

Remember you should know how to write it. For example we write it from left to
right, in Arabic it's right to left, Chinese is in columns, and so on. 

Make sure that you and your friend(s) all follow a systematic language system.
In other words, make sure that you follow the same guidelines. 

Don't use random letters. It should make some sense, so that it will be easier
to learn and speak with [Example: Don't use oh as e, hello as llo, and See ya as
c yah). 

Make sure you practice saying and spelling out many basic words in your
language, English examples: is, who, when, of, why, if, what, where, can, may,
etc. 

When starting off, follow closely to a language you like. This will make grammar
much easier to make. You must avoid simply copying the grammar rules, however,
as this would technically turn your language into a code. 

Practice your language frequently so that you don't forget it! 

Don't forget punctuation! 

As a shortcut, and for a bit of interesting background, add connotation to
various letters, preferably vowels. To do this, think of various words that
begin with / have a lot of a certain vowel. For example: austere, acrimony,
ebullient, embolden; in this case, the vowel A might carry with it a negative
meaning, whereas E would be positive. Then, even if you forget your own words
without the help of your dictionary, you could still make a good guess based on
the composition of the letters. 

Try not to make your words sound like utter and complete gibberish just add a
little extra than our regular English language. We don't want a knot in your
tongue after speaking to your friends. Just put marks over the letters or make
up something right on the spot, you might have to take some time on this! 

Basing letters on objects (pictographs) is an easy way to start a writing
system. 

Try this with a group of friends. It's much more fun when there are other people
that can understand your language. 

Email or text your friends the language so that they won't be so confused. 

When making a writing system, take a break about every five minutes and come
back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical. 

If you want to make other languages, you can use this language as a model and
change some letters or sounds to create a different language. This makes your
first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of
languages. 

How to Pack Your Possessions When Moving 

Even if you can't wait to live in your new house, curb your enthusiasm and
resist the urge to cram all your possessions any which way into boxes. 

Steps 

Pack one room at a time if possible, and start with items that are least often
used. 

Write down a list of everything you are packing, in particular if it's valuable.
Books, CDs, expensive clothes. Also, take note of which item is in which box. 

Use sturdy boxes. Fill the box to the brim and seal the lid. That way, you can
easily stack boxes on top of one another. 

Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it doesn't give way. 

Never fill a box until it is so heavy that you can't lift it safely. Spread the
heavy items over a few boxes. Balance boxes with lighter items like towels or
soft toys. Pack the lighter items on top. 

Use bubble wrap or newspapers when packing fragile items. However, newsprint may
smudge so use newspaper selectively. Clean paper can be purchased cheaply from
moving supply stores. 

Mark boxes. Boxes should be marked "Fragile" and "This side up" to prevent
mishandling. 

Label each box clearly and which room it belongs to. Write on the sides of the
box as well. 

Pack a separate box of essentials you may need for the first night at your new
house. Include items like toiletries, toilet paper, bottled water, snacks and a
change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time. 

Tips 

Don't label boxes with contents if the contents are valuable. Instead of writing
"Silver Service - Fragile" you should write something that makes it sound less
theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents. Example: "Mom's
old dishes" instead of "Fine China" 

Tape is cheap. Use lots of it. Close box bottoms well. Get masking tape or
packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something
back against it. You'll want to find the right screw reassemble something
without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there. 

Don't pack one box full of books or paperwork - you might not be able to carry
it at all. Fill it halfway with books, and fill it up with lighter stuff. 

National superstores (Walmart) will let you walk the store for boxes when they
are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am. You can find boxes of all sizes.
Cereal, diaper and houseware boxes are a good size and durable. Just take a cart
and roam the store. They do check the cart as you leave so don't try to sneak
anything past them. 

U-haul and other nation companies offer box buy back services. If you buy too
many boxes you can return the unused for a full refund. These boxes are also
quite sturdy so you can re-use them or stash in your attic until you move again.
Some national companies even offer free shipping and handling so you can have
some delivered or go to the local location. 

Fill empty spaces with additional paper. 

Throw away or donate junk you don't want to take to your new place. Don't pack
it again!!! 

Set aside an area of the house where you can put all the packed boxes. Use a
room that isn't used every day such as the formal dining or living room. You
won't be tripping over boxes and you can have a better idea of what you have and
where things are. 

Pack books and heavy items into smaller boxes. 

Digital Photos - use your camera to document the contents of boxes. 

How to Cope With a Double Parachute Failure 

While skydiving, it is possible (yet extremely unlikely) that both your primary
and reserve parachutes will malfunction, leaving you with no method of reducing
your velocity. In the vast majority of cases, this will not occur; nevertheless,
in this event these coping strategies may assist. 

Steps 

Remain calm. This may seem obvious, but deep, even breathing (despite the
rushing slipstream) and controlling your heart-rate are essential to your
continued survival. 

Entreat assistance. If both your primary and reserve chutes have malfunctioned,
signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute,
waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional. If this is a
solo jump, then skip to step 6. 

Prepare for deployment. After linking arms with your fellow jumper, you will
need to hook your arms through their chest strap, or through both sides of the
front of their harness, as far as you can, then grab onto your own strap. 

Deploy. The shock of the chute deployment will be intense. The G-forces will
multiply your body weight, making it impossible to hold on; this is why hooking
your arms through the harness is essential. It is likely that the shock will
dislocate or break both your arms; nevertheless this is a small price to pay for
your life. 

Prepare for impact. If your companion's canopy has successfully opened, then
both your chances of survival have dramatically increased. With a large and slow
canopy, your chances are even better. The canopy must be steered away from power
lines and similar obstructions; try for a large body of water if you are
confident your companion can save you from drowning. 

Alternative: Lack of companions 

If this is a solo jump, which constitutes the minority of skydivers, your only
recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens. In this case,
the excellent advice offered by your instructors on assisting chute opening may
be of assistance to you. 

If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes, or
that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional, then the following
steps may be of some minor assistance. 

Appeal. If you are of a religious turn of mind, you may wish at this point to
offer a prayer to a god, goddess, protective spirit or guardian angel. St Jude,
the patron saint of Lost Causes, comes to mind. Objectively, this is not likely
to help very much; but it may improve your emotional state. If you do not have
any religious beliefs, or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your
patron deity, skip this step. 

Contemplate. As you approach the Earth at, or close to, terminal velocity, you
may wish to contemplate your past existence, and the possibility of a future
afterlife. A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you
are that life has been good to you so far. Alternatively, if life has not been
good to you so far, (and considering your current situation this seems more
likely) consider how lucky you are that it will not be troubling you much
longer. 

Expect impact. You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft
landing-spot, body of water, or other impact site that might improve your
chances of survival. There is a minuscule chance that your impact will result in
non-life-threatening injuries; if this seems incredibly far-fetched, comfort
yourself that double chute failure in modern times is also extremely unlikely,
and that you have already beaten worse odds. 

Tips 

Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is
moderately less likely to fail; therefore, it may be helpful to focus your
efforts on opening your reserve parachute. 

Some humans who have, for various reasons, become aware of their impending
death, develop psychological coping strategies to deal with this; for instance,
the Kubler-Ross phases of grief. Since your own death approaches far more
quickly, this is unlikely to be of any use to you. 

Warnings 

Water landings: if you have successfully attached to a companion whose chute
opens, keep in mind that both your arms may be broken or dislocated, and you may
be unable to swim or tread water before your chute fills and drags you under. 

If, after total chute failure, you land on something soft, it is possible that
instead of being killed outright, you may be permanently paralyzed due to spinal
injury. If you have a strong aversion to this outcome, aiming head-downward
before impact in the manner of an Olympic diver may ensure the destruction of
your cranium and your immediate demise. 

How to Stop Procrastinating 

If you're a chronic procrastinator, you know the pain and stress that comes with
putting things off. Although you may have the desire to accomplish something,
getting the motivation to do it is a different matter. Fortunately, overcoming
your procrastination is easy to do when you put your mind to it. Side note: If
you have anything due right now, and you haven't finished it, leave this article
and complete that work. 

Steps 

Create a to-do list. Yes, make yourself an old fashioned to-do list with check
boxes and everything. List everything, big and small, that you have to do for
your entire day; break big activities into smaller bits if necessary. Then, as
you work through your day, check off each of the items on your list. You will
feel a growing sense of pride as you visually monitor your ever-diminishing list
of projects. 

Focus your list on including the things you typically put off, not the things
you are sure to do on a regular basis. 

If necessary, set time-frames for your items to be done by. For example, list
“take the dog for a walk by 12:30” rather than simply “walk the dog.” 

Re-evaluate your list halfway through your day to rank your items based on
highest priority. Then, tackle the most important ones before looking back at
the smaller things to do. 

Keep a notebook by hand before you start your workday. Write every thought down
that comes up during work. Every single to do or things you want to do at that
specific moment. Don't do it, put it on a list and do it later. This prevents
you from getting into the "procrastination zone." 

Finish the hard stuff. When you have a looming project that's bogging you down
and making you unproductive in other areas, tackle it first. Finishing the
largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive
and give you the boost to do other things you’ve been pushing to the side. 

If your “big project” is something that can’t be done in one sitting, make a
list of small parts of it that you can accomplish today. Don’t worry about
completing the entire thing, but take steps now so that doing so in the future
is a breeze. 

Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project, and have it placed
somewhere you will see it on a regular basis. As you mark things off, you will
be motivated to continue doing so, and seeing it on a regular basis will remind
you that your project needs to be done. 

Do two-minute tasks. Whenever you are presented with something that you don’t
want to do or would consider putting off, ask yourself, “will this take me less
than two minutes to finish?” For many of us, this includes small chores, like
taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds, but can include simple tasks in all
areas of life. Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do -
do it. Simply force yourself to use the next 120 seconds to be productive and do
the duty you normally would push off for hours or days. [1]. 

Create a timed work frenzy. If you find yourself being pulled off into the
depths of daydreams, set a period of time to do nothing but work. Take ten
minutes and remove all distractions - your phone, magazines, or thoughts of your
attractive love - and go into a working frenzy. Force yourself to work
productively for ten minutes, and then go back to whatever it was you were
doing. Chances are, you’ll get into a groove and keep working at a high pace
even when your frenzy time is out. Working with a timer is generally regarded by
most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop
procrastination. The most famous method of working to strict time controls
(known as time-boxing) involves creating a list of tasks. Each task is then
assigned an exact amount of time to complete. If you don't finish the task in
the allotted time, then you move on to the next one. Using this work
arrangement, it forces you to take action, as you can't afford to waste any
time. [2]. 

Give yourself a break. If you can’t seem to focus and are working half-heartedly
at your tasks, give yourself a brief break. Set a timer for ten minutes, and
take a nap, read a book, or call your friend. Do whatever it is you’ve been
daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work.
Just be sure to follow through with your deadline rather than ignoring it when
your alarm finally goes off. 

How to Play Muggle Quidditch 

In the Harry Potter series written by JK Rowling the main wizarding sport is
Quidditch. However you don't have to have magical powers to play. 

There are many different ways of playing Quidditch, but the most commonly used
set of rules are those given by the International Quidditch Association (which
can be found here). 

In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US, but
over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of
community teams. Quidditch has also spread outside of America and is now played
on 5 continents. 

Steps 

Gather all needed materials and players (see Things You'll Need section below).

Know that all players can play while riding a broom. Brooms can be a hindrance
however, so feel free to not use brooms. 

Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle of the field. Ideally the
quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so that they are easier to
throw and catch. 

Start the game. Both teams start from the edges and attempt to obtain the
quaffle and bludgers. 

Follow your duty depending what type of player you are: 

Chasers try to score by throwing the quaffle into one of the three goal hoops.
Each score is worth 10 points. 

Beaters try to peg players with their bludger. If a player is pegged they have
to stop what they're doing and pay a penalty; i.e. (drop the quaffle in the case
of a chaser) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively sit down
for 10 seconds. 

Keepers guard the goal posts at each end and attempt to block chasers' attempts
at scoring. If Keeper is close to their hoops they are safe from being hit by
bludgers. 

Seekers try to tackle the snitch (a person) or obtain an object attached to the
snitch such as a sock or flag. You can establish you own rules as to how a
player catches the snitch. A common way to play is to make the snitch a person,
and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries. Then the
seekers search for the snitch, and attempt to tag the player. Other methods,
such as the method adopted in 2005, makes the snitch a tennis ball in a sock,
hanging out of the running shorts of the snitch runner. Regardless of method,
the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team, unlike the books, in
which the snitch is worth 150 points. The creators of Muggle Quidditch thought
that it was worth too many points so changed the value of the snitch for muggle
Quidditch. 

The snitch, generally a track runner, runs around (usually the boundaries)
trying to evade the seekers. 

The referee should ensure that rules are being followed. They also keep track of
the score. 

Play the game! The object of the game is to score the most points and the game
ends when the seeker snatches the snitch. 

Feel free to alter the game rules. See the Tips section for suggestions. 

Video 

How to Play a Real-Life Game of Quidditch You don't need flying broomsticks or
magic balls to play this version of the game - it's tailor-made for muggles like
us. 

This video shows a more realistic approach to playing Quidditch. 

Tips 

Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball (tennis balls work great)
that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee. Establish
boundaries and have the seekers look for the snitch. 

Beaters can try hitting the bludgers around in the air with a shortened hockey
sticks or a short bat. They could also use regular-length hockey sticks to hit
bludgers (perhaps wiffle balls) on the ground. The simplest way is to just peg
players by throwing dodge balls. 

It may be easier to play without brooms (but also less fun!). 

Remember that the snitch runner, if you choose to use one, is not an actual
player in the game, therefore, not bound by any of the rules. If desired, the
snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture. See How to Be a
Snitch in Quidditch for more information. 

You can play water quidditch in a pool. Almost all the same rules apply. Have
someone throw something (the snitch) on a line into the pool at regular
intervals. They can even use fake snitches. 

You can buy authentic looking brooms to make the game more realistic. 

There is a very large Quidditch community, have a look at the IQA website to
find teams near you. 

One variation is Quarter Snitch Quidditch. Find a quarter or another small coin.
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass
or pitch while the teams aren't looking. Play while the seekers look for the
snitch. 

Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field
(in this case it's a small ball). The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded,
relying only on the coach's instructions, while the game is still on. 

Warnings 

Stay hydrated and exercise wisely. 

A ball flying in the air can hurt. If you're playing quidditch you're probably
just having fun so play nicely. 

Things You'll Need 

15 players 

14 brooms 

Field (or big backyard) 

3 goal hoops per team 

Referee (optional) 

Color coded shirts or capes for houses, black for referee 

3 Bludgers (dodge balls, water balloons, wiffle balls etc.) 

1 Quaffle (volleyball, Frisbee, soccer ball, etc.) 

1 Snitch (person) 

Each team is composed of: 

3 Chasers 

2 Beaters 

1 Keeper 

1 Seeker 

How to Prepare Quinoa 

Quinoa is known as the little rice of Peru. The Incas treated the crop as sacred
and referred to quinoa as "chisaya mama" or "mother of all grains." [1] By
tradition, the Inca emperor would sow the first seeds of the season using
"golden implements." Quinoa is rich in protein and much lighter than other
grains. It is much easier to prepare than rice and is rapidly gaining in
popularity, especially among vegetarians who value its high protein levels. 

Ingredients 

1 cup quinoa 

2 cups water (or broth) 

Olive oil to taste (Optional) 

1/2 teaspoon salt (Optional) 

Method 1 Cooking On A Stove Top 

Rinse the grains of quinoa in water. You can skip this step if you have
purchased pre-rinsed quinoa in a box. To rinse, place the measured grain in a
strainer under running water for a few minutes. This is necessary to remove the
excess saponins on the outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to
quinoa if not removed. 

Toast quinoa in a saucepan (optional). Drizzle a bit of olive oil in a pan over
medium-high heat. Add the quinoa and cook for about 1 minute. This brings out
quinoa's nutty flavor. 

Cook the quinoa. Place two parts water or stock to one part of quinoa in a
saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to
low. Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain becomes
translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the
quinoa grain. 

Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the germ, in the same way as pasta.
Quinoa will continue cooking for a bit even after you take it off the heat. 

Take the quinoa off the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. This will
give it time to absorb any moisture that might still be in the pan. 

Uncover and fluff with a fork. The quinoa should look light and fluffy, and you
should be able to see the germ separating from the seed. 

Serve. Freshly cooked quinoa should be served immediately to retain nutritional
value and a good flavor. Serve with: 

Stir-fry, using the quinoa as a substitute for rice. 

Curry. 

Braised meat. 

In a salad. 

Virtually any other combination you can think of! 

Method 2 Cooking In a Rice Cooker 

Rinse 1 cup of quinoa in a fine mesh sieve under cold water. If you bought
packaged quinoa, this step isn't always necessary, but it's better to be safe
than sorry. 

Pour quinoa into rice cooker. One option is to toast the quinoa before placing
in the rice cooker. See Step # 2 in Method One above for directions. 

Add 2 cups of liquid and 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the rice cooker. Water,
chicken stock or broth, or vegetable stock all work. 

Cook for approximately 15 minutes. Some rice cooker will have different settings
instead of a simple "cook" option. Try the "white rice" option if your rice
cooker gives you several options. 

Let stand for about 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve. 

Method 3 Cooking In the Oven 

Preheat oven to 350 ° F (177 ° C). Arrange rack in the middle of the oven. 

Rinse quinoa thoroughly in a fine mesh seive under cold water. 

In a medium saucepan, heat up 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium-low heat.

Add onions, peppers, mushrooms, or any other type of desired vegetable or herb
into the saucepan (optional). Cook onions until they are translucent, but not
burned. Sweat the peppers or vegetables along with the onions. 

Add the quinoa and salt to the saucepan, stirring until completely incorporated.
This should take no longer than 30 seconds. 

Add one cup of broth and one cup of water to the saucepan and bring to a boil
over medium high heat. 

Once a boil is reached, transfer quinoa to a 8-by-8-inch baking dish. [2] Spread
out quinoa evenly and cover baking dish completely with aluminum foil. 

Cook the quinoa in the oven for roughly 20 minutes, or until most of the liquid
is gone. 

Remove the aluminum foil from the baking dish, add cheese or other seasonings,
and bake for an additional 5 minutes. After 5 minutes, the quinoa should be
fully cooked. 

Serve and enjoy! 

How to Make Skittles Vodka 

Three Methods: Single Serving (25 mL Shot) 

Bottles of "Skittled" 

Vodka Dishwasher Bottle Method 

Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to
regular vodka. All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles
candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse. You can then
use your Skittles vodka to make brightly-colored cocktails or even serve it as a
sugary shot! Find multiple methods for making Skittles vodka after the jump --
and soon you'll be tasting the rainbow! 

Ingredients 

A handle (1.75 liters, about a half gallon) of vodka per bag of Skittles 

A large bag of Skittles candy (the "movie size" bag) 

Method 1 of 3: Single Serving (25 mL Shot) 

Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with. Many
people choose to leave out the green, which is lime if you're using original
Skittles, and purple, which is grape in the original style, as they can create a
weird taste combination or a less than appealing color for the final product.
However, you can put them in if you want. If you don't mind mixed flavors, you
can just skip this step altogether. 

Add six Skittles to 25 ml of vodka. Keep swirling the mixture until the Skittles
are almost completely dissolved. Note that the ratio of Skittles to vodka varies
from recipe to recipe. You should experiment to find your preferred mix before
making larger bottles. 

Filter out the remaining Skittle "insides". With single servings like this, you
can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to making bottles, if you
desire. 

Method 2 of 3: Bottles of "Skittled" Vodka 

Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles. 

Separate the Skittles by color. 

Add the Skittles (20 - 25 per 350 ml / 11.8 fl oz). 

Let the mixture sit for a day or two. Shake occasionally so the flavour mixes
well. 

Strain out the Skittles using a filter, such as a paper coffee filter or a clean
t-shirt. 

Refrigerate overnight. 

Method 3 of 3: Dishwasher Bottle Method 

Separate the colors from five bags of 200 g Skittles. 

Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles, pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a
jug and fill each bottle with skittles. 

Place the bottles in your dishwasher and put on an intensive cycle. 

One third of of the way through the cycle, shake all bottles vigorously. 

Two thirds of the way through the cycle, shake all bottles vigorously. 

Once the cycle has finished, shake all bottles vigorously again. Then place in
the freezer for 2 hours. 

Once the vodka is cold, it should be syrupy. Take a sieve, line it with a piece
of cheesecloth (muslin) or a coffee filter, place above a large jug and pour the
vodka through slowly. 

Once the first bottle has been filtered, wash out the bottle and pour the
Skittles vodka back in. 

Repeat the above two steps for all bottles, ensuring that everything is cleaned
between uses to prevent color contamination. 

Place all of the bottles in the freezer until you are ready to drink. Don't
worry, the vodka won't freeze. 

You are finished. Enjoy your tasty creation. 

Tips. 

If you want to make it more quickly, cut the skittles in half before putting
them into vodka. Shake every 15 minutes. They'll dissolve in an hour instead of
a day. Or you could just scoop them out when the color dissolves. 

Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment which
combination of taste suits you best. You can carry this out with larger amount
of vodka and Skittles once you have decided that you enjoy the taste. 

The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink, so if you want one that's
sweet, leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime
vodka. 

Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of Skittles. Then
separate the candy and use one flavor for each bottle. (Or get four bottles and
an empty, to allow room for the skittles.) 

If using a t-shirt to strain, be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not
been used with it, lets you get some extra (unwanted) flavoring (and potentially
toxic chemicals). 

Warnings 

Drink responsibly. Never drink and drive. Know your limits, and do not drink to
the extent of intoxication. 

Do not drink if underage in your country. 

Things You'll Need 

Each handle of vodka (1.75 liters, about a half gallon) requires a large bag
worth of Skittles, so if you plan on doing only one flavor for a flavorful
vodka, you'll have to buy 5 large bags of Skittles. 

Coffee filter, cheesecloth / muslin, or an extremely clean T-shirt 

Large funnel or strainer to hold filter 
