It is hers. It is his. It is theirs. It is mine. It is yours. It's hers. It's
his. It's theirs. It's mine. It's yours. It's all hers! It's all his! It's all
theirs! It's all mine! It's all yours! It's mostly hers. It's mostly his. It's
mostly theirs. It's mostly mine. It's mostly yours. It's not hers! It's not his!
It's not theirs! It's not mine! It's not yours! It isn't hers. It isn't his. It
isn't theirs. It isn't mine. It isn't yours. it aint hers. it aint his. it aint
theirs. it aint mine. it aint yours. The car is hers. The car is his. The car is
theirs. The car is mine. The car is yours. The car's hers. The car's his. The
car's theirs. The car's mine. The car's yours. The car's all hers! The car's all
his! The car's all theirs! The car's all mine! The car's all yours! The car's
mostly hers. The car's mostly his. The car's mostly theirs. The car's mostly
mine. The car's mostly yours. The car's not hers! The car's not his! The car's
not theirs! The car's not mine! The car's not yours! The car isn't hers. The car
isn't his. The car isn't theirs. The car isn't mine. The car isn't yours. The
car aint hers. The car aint his. The car aint theirs. The car aint mine. The car
aint yours. Any car of hers sells quickly. Any car of his sells quickly. Any car
of theirs sells quickly. Any car of mine sells quickly. Any car of yours sells
quickly. There is hers. There is his. There is theirs. There is mine. There is
yours. The car is at hers. The car is at his. The car is at theirs. The car is
at mine. The car is at yours. Hers is nice. His is nice. Theirs is nice. Mine is
nice. Yours is nice. Hers drove responsively. His drove responsively. Theirs
drove responsively. Mine drove responsively. Yours drove responsively. Hers
accelerated. His accelerated. Theirs accelerated. Mine accelerated. Yours
accelerated. Hers hit bumps. His hit bumps. Theirs hit bumps. Mine hit bumps.
Yours hit bumps. The dealer gave hers fresh paint. The dealer gave his fresh
paint. The dealer gave theirs fresh paint. The dealer gave mine fresh paint. The
dealer gave yours fresh paint. Dealers saw hers. Dealers saw his. Dealers saw
theirs. Dealers saw mine. Dealers saw yours. The dealers liked that hers cleaned
easily. The dealers liked that his cleaned easily. The dealers liked that theirs
cleaned easily. The dealers liked that mine cleaned easily. The dealers liked
that yours cleaned easily. The dealers liked that hers sold quickly. The dealers
liked that his sold quickly. The dealers liked that theirs sold quickly. The
dealers liked that mine sold quickly. The dealers liked that yours sold quickly.
The dealers knew that hers cleaned easily. The dealers knew that his cleaned
easily. The dealers knew that theirs cleaned easily. The dealers knew that mine
cleaned easily. The dealers knew that yours cleaned easily. The dealers knew
that hers sold quickly. The dealers knew that his sold quickly. The dealers knew
that theirs sold quickly. The dealers knew that mine sold quickly. The dealers
knew that yours sold quickly. Dealers like seeing hers. Dealers like seeing his.
Dealers like seeing theirs. Dealers like seeing mine. Dealers like seeing yours.
Dealers like cleaning hers. Dealers like cleaning his. Dealers like cleaning
theirs. Dealers like cleaning mine. Dealers like cleaning yours. The dealer's
cars and hers sell quickly. The dealer's cars and his sell quickly. The dealer's
cars and theirs sell quickly. The dealer's cars and mine sell quickly. The
dealer's cars and yours sell quickly. Hers and the dealer's sold quickly. His
and the dealer's sold quickly. Theirs and the dealer's sold quickly. Mine and
the dealer's sold quickly. Yours and the dealer's sold quickly. The dealer
cleaned the car before hers. The dealer cleaned the car before his. The dealer
cleaned the car before theirs. The dealer cleaned the car before mine. The
dealer cleaned the car before yours. After hers, the dealer cleaned the car.
After his, the dealer cleaned the car. After theirs, the dealer cleaned the car.
After mine, the dealer cleaned the car. After yours, the dealer cleaned the car.
Hers was cleaned. His was cleaned. Theirs was cleaned. Mine was cleaned. Yours
was cleaned. The car of hers drove responsively. The car of his drove
responsively. The car of theirs drove responsively. The car of mine drove
responsively. The car of yours drove responsively. The dealer cleaned the car of
hers. The dealer cleaned the car of his. The dealer cleaned the car of theirs.
The dealer cleaned the car of mine. The dealer cleaned the car of yours. The
car, hers, was cleaned. The car, his, was cleaned. The car, theirs, was cleaned.
The car, mine, was cleaned. The car, yours, was cleaned. One of hers was
cleaned. One of his was cleaned. One of theirs was cleaned. One of mine was
cleaned. One of yours was cleaned. The car of hers was cleaned. The car of his
was cleaned. The car of theirs was cleaned. The car of mine was cleaned. The car
of yours was cleaned. Hers, the dealer cleaned. His, the dealer cleaned. Theirs,
the dealer cleaned. Mine, the dealer cleaned. Yours, the dealer cleaned. Dealers
like seeing cars, especially hers. Dealers like seeing cars, especially his.
Dealers like seeing cars, especially theirs. Dealers like seeing cars,
especially mine. Dealers like seeing cars, especially yours. Dealers like seeing
cars, hers especially. Dealers like seeing cars, his especially. Dealers like
seeing cars, theirs especially. Dealers like seeing cars, mine especially.
Dealers like seeing cars, yours especially. The dealer cleaned the car: it was
hers. The dealer cleaned the car: it was his. The dealer cleaned the car: it was
theirs. The dealer cleaned the car: it was mine. The dealer cleaned the car: it
was yours. Hers'll do. His'll do. Theirs'll do. Mine'll do. Yours'll do. The
dealer gave fresh paint to hers. The dealer gave fresh paint to his. The dealer
gave fresh paint to theirs. The dealer gave fresh paint to mine. The dealer gave
fresh paint to yours. The dealer walked to hers. The dealer walked to his. The
dealer walked to theirs. The dealer walked to mine. The dealer walked to yours.
The dealer drove using hers. The dealer drove using his. The dealer drove using
theirs. The dealer drove using mine. The dealer drove using yours. The dealer
went with hers. The dealer went with his. The dealer went with theirs. The
dealer went with mine. The dealer went with yours. The dealer waited at hers.
The dealer waited at his. The dealer waited at theirs. The dealer waited at
mine. The dealer waited at yours. The dealer got into hers. The dealer got into
his. The dealer got into theirs. The dealer got into mine. The dealer got into
yours. The dealer came from hers. The dealer came from his. The dealer came from
theirs. The dealer came from mine. The dealer came from yours. The dealer sat on
hers. The dealer sat on his. The dealer sat on theirs. The dealer sat on mine.
The dealer sat on yours. The dealer recommended that hers get painted. The
dealer recommended that his get painted. The dealer recommended that theirs get
painted. The dealer recommended that mine get painted. The dealer recommended
that yours get painted. Take hers. Take his. Take theirs. Take mine. Take yours.
Hers is easy to clean. His is easy to clean. Theirs is easy to clean. Mine is
easy to clean. Yours is easy to clean. Hers parks. His parks. Theirs parks. Mine
parks. Yours parks. Hers broke. His broke. Theirs broke. Mine broke. Yours
broke. 
